KTDC_Tea_County : 2 : Amazing and beautiful place to stay : We went as a family, the rooms allocated to us were connected, they had taken care of that. Both the rooms offered scenic views. Overall the staff were very courteous and friendly. Also the property was very well maintained and scenic.
KTDC_Tea_County : 3 : Tea County Munnar : Nice facilities and good arrangement Staff are very courteous
KTDC_Tea_County : 4 : Amazing services and gentle behaviour : Must stay! Overall a very pleasant stay! Highly recommended for families
KTDC_Tea_County : 5 : Excellent Stay : Wonderful property, excellent location, excellent view and very nicely maintained. Except for food quality stay was great.
KTDC_Tea_County : 6 : Excellent Stay : Very nice good hotel with location. Near market near and clean.
KTDC_Tea_County : 7 : Excellent place to stay : We had a great time there. All the staffs had a happy to help attitude. The premises itself is well maintained, have beautiful garden and good for a brief walk. Safe place to stay. Very easy to find and reach there.
KTDC_Tea_County : 8 : Simple and sober : Location is very near to City and views are great with garden. The room service is great and people are very friendly
KTDC_Tea_County : 9 : Excellent property at a beautiful location : Neat and clean room with all modern amenities. Nicely maintained garden with variety of flowers. Well decorated dining hall with mouth watering foods.
KTDC_Tea_County : 10 : Pleasant stay : Had an amazing stay here at Ktdc. Worth every penny.
KTDC_Tea_County : 11 : Very nice location, polite staff and great premises : Will definitely recommend because of the location, just walking distance from the market. Very beautiful premises gives a very graceful and premium ambience. Billiards was a unique thing, you won't find it in many hotels. Good staff and nice views from the balcony. Conveniently located to cover Devikulam Tea estates, and Mathupetty area.
KTDC_Tea_County : 12 : Good hotel : Overall a good hotel to stay at. Neat and clean. Ktdc need to renovate bathrooms completely.
KTDC_Tea_County : 13 : Worth your money : Peaceful and serene stay. One of the best hotel properties in Munnar. You might find some better hotels as well but those would be far from Munnar town. This is in the heart of the town and gives you good options for market, taxi, shopping etc. Breakfast options were average, and could be better. Rooms have a wide range with different facade and view. Interiors are decent in almost all of them. Place is really a value for money. Go for it.
KTDC_Tea_County : 14 : Excellent location, good service : We stayed as a group. The location is near to Munnar town. Staff are very courteous. Rooms has a nice view. Breakfast was good. Good parking space. All in all, value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 15 : Most memorable trip : Celebrating our first anniversary in God's own country Kerala with amazing place, interiors, ambience, food, service, and the beautiful rooms. It truly turned out to be one of its special moment and amazing place.
KTDC_Tea_County : 16 : Tea County Munnar : Excellent service by the staffs, perfect location.
KTDC_Tea_County : 17 : Issue with hotel : Hotel was nice even service plus staff. Only issue which we want to highlight is hotel infrastructure was not upto mark. Don't think it deserve 3 star.
KTDC_Tea_County : 18 : Excellent : The location is good, food is really good and service appreciable.
KTDC_Tea_County : 19 : Great stay : Overall great stay. The cleanliness of the bathroom was atrocious but apart from that I would highly recommend. I few areas need updating like the gym for example but minor areas and unlikely used by the majority of guests
KTDC_Tea_County : 20 : Munnar vacation : It is good place to stay, eat and enjoy.
KTDC_Tea_County : 21 : Excellent stay : Excellent stay, very good food, well mannered staff.
KTDC_Tea_County : 22 : Good : Good stay at the hotel. Good stay at the hotel. Good stay at the hotel
KTDC_Tea_County : 23 : Excellent location : Very good hotel stay in Munnar. Perfect for family vacations.
KTDC_Tea_County : 24 : Family getaway in Munnar : Place is well maintained and rooms are spacious. Common amenities are good and they have a great garden where we clicked pictures
KTDC_Tea_County : 25 : Excellent Stay : Great location, gerat service, great food.
KTDC_Tea_County : 26 : Great place : It's placed in the centre of City. Landscape is beautiful and well maintained. Rooms are spacious and cozy. Bathrooms could have been bigger though.
KTDC_Tea_County : 27 : Accommodation and location : Good property, but the new Premium rooms are at the far ends, and the staff gives a damn even if you request in advance for a room with a good view or in the central part of the resort. Although my room was changed after arrival, I was sent to the farthest end of the hotel.
KTDC_Tea_County : 28 : Good Stay : Nice ambiance, well maintained rooms.
KTDC_Tea_County : 29 : Awesome experience : The best think about this resort is the staff. From the reception to the housekeeping, room service, security, gardening staff all had a smile in their face. A great quality to be practiced by all hotel group people. Food quality is really good. Should try at least once in your lifetime.
KTDC_Tea_County : 30 : Excellent service by staff. Very nice hotel to stay in Munnar : Good place to stay and enjoy with family in Munnar.
KTDC_Tea_County : 31 : Staying at KTDC Tea County : Staying awesome, nice location, well maintained, the staff was courteous, the restaurant was too good, food quality and preparation is also good. Next time I will definitely stay here.
KTDC_Tea_County : 32 : Relaxing stay : Stay was very relaxing. Good rooms food etc. Nice place to just sit and enjoy natural beauty.
KTDC_Tea_County : 33 : Good location. Good food. Very good : Location in heart of Munnar Town. Lively scenery. Room was big. Thank you
KTDC_Tea_County : 34 : Nice experience : Very pleasant stay. Nice location and well courteous staff. Property is well maintained. Near to the market as well. Rooms are okay. Good breakfast options but can be better.
KTDC_Tea_County : 35 : Good stay : Love every single spend in the resort
KTDC_Tea_County : 36 : At prime location : Worth the stay is a good stay, good helpful staff.
KTDC_Tea_County : 37 : Amazing, secure, quality and good behavior : Very good atmosphere and cordial relationship.
KTDC_Tea_County : 38 : Excellent stay : Location, service and cleanliness was top notch
KTDC_Tea_County : 39 : Coolest place in Munnar : A relatively standard family resort at the coolest place in Munnar all other standard resorts are down
KTDC_Tea_County : 40 : Good : Very good.
KTDC_Tea_County : 41 : Excellent stay in Munnar : The resort's location is very good. It's maintained very well and their staff are amazing. We only tried the buffet breakfast which was really good!
KTDC_Tea_County : 42 : Honest review : Stayed in Ktdc for 2days with my family and kids. Situated at the heart of Munnar, can witness beautiful landscape from the balcony. For cleanliness, security, staffs response and breakfast my ratings are 5 out of 5. Great stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 43 : Fantastic place to unwind : Very well maintained resort with a picturesque location.
KTDC_Tea_County : 44 : Excellent hotel with very good courteous staff : Stayed for 3 days 2 nights, excellent and good hospitality by hotel staff.
KTDC_Tea_County : 45 : Excellent Stay : Location was ideal. Walking distance from market. Food and services were very good. Will stay again.
KTDC_Tea_County : 46 : Munnar short stay : First time at Tea County. Good location, good rooms. But only problem that one has to walk a long distance to the rooms. Difficult if you have elders. Had some issues in toilet as water came from the bath partition to the main area while bathing and wastebasket in toilet was old and not properly working. Another main issue was of the staff behavior in restaurant. The guy who was preparing live egg items and appam was ill-mannered. All rates especially those in government-run institutions are like this only. Wifi connectivity was also a problem.
KTDC_Tea_County : 47 : Stay at Tea County : Absolutely charming stay at Tea County.
KTDC_Tea_County : 48 : KTDC stay 2 days : Location is best, I will rate it very highly for service, cleanliness. Little downside is buffet breakfast as its basically Kerala and only choice you have is cornflakes, bread, butter if you are vegetarian also its little over priced but nice experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 49 : Understated elegance : Ktdc Tea County in Munnar is the perfect place for a Weekend getaway. Located in the heart of the City, it still provides a vast and spacious property at affordable prices. The rooms are elegantly furnished and provide for a comfortable stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 50 : Really impressed. Good location clean and beautiful : This is my 3rd trip here. Was there with my wife. Staff was courteous. Has always loved the experience there. Will surely come back again.
KTDC_Tea_County : 51 : Best location in Munnar : Very well maintained, courteous staff and decent breakfast option
KTDC_Tea_County : 52 : Munnar trip : Pleasant stay with family good service s
KTDC_Tea_County : 53 : Excellent Stay : Excellent place for family. Good atmosphere. Room service excellent. Breakfast very good.
KTDC_Tea_County : 54 : Excellent getaway from home : The rooms at the resort were neat and cozy.
KTDC_Tea_County : 55 : Pleasant stay : It was an awesome place has beautiful landscape and facilities are also great. Will recommend this place to couples and families and singles.
KTDC_Tea_County : 56 : Clean stay : Clean, value for money, good food
KTDC_Tea_County : 57 : A night at Munnar : Hotel stay was good and staff were good. Well maintained hotel. Beautiful garden, interior and food. However balcony area for some rooms are not facing front
KTDC_Tea_County : 58 : Nice place to stay in peace : Good children friendly activities and nice staff
KTDC_Tea_County : 59 : Awesome place to stay at Munnar : The best place to stay in Munnar. We loved the following 1. Best location in Munnar town but peaceful and serene. 2. Amazing view. 3. Friendly staff and courteous staff. That's the best 4. Good food in the in-house restaurant but expensive. 5. Round the clock security. 6. Spacious clean rooms.
KTDC_Tea_County : 60 : Excellent Stay : Courteous and helpful staff. Good ambience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 61 : Excellent hotel : Outside view is amazing. Staff is also good.
KTDC_Tea_County : 62 : Excellent location and good food : Excellent location and good food. Great service as well. Would recommend this place
KTDC_Tea_County : 63 : 2 day stay at KTDC resort, Munnar : The resort is well located and has ample greenery and facilities to entertain it's guest. Our stay at the resort was pleasant and I can recommend it to friends and family.
KTDC_Tea_County : 64 : Apt location with good facilities : Situated near to the must visit locations in Munnar, with good food and clean rooms. Good stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 65 : Excellent stay : Liked the stay, friendly staff, good food, nice view. Hotel is bit old, maintained well. Food is also good (though menu options are limited).
KTDC_Tea_County : 66 : Nice hotel : Good location, beautiful property and view Around. Service was good too. Need improvements on food quality and sports facilities. Fish served was not fresh, tt bats and billiards sticks were worn out.
KTDC_Tea_County : 67 : KTDC Tea County stay : Hotel is located at perfect location in main town and you get different restaurants options for meal. Ambiance and hospitality were good. Need improvement in food quality and varieties. Overall 3.5 ratings out of 5. Recommended for family and friends.
KTDC_Tea_County : 68 : Excellent place to stay : Excellent place to stay with family and friends.
KTDC_Tea_County : 69 : Review : Awesome stay in Ktdc. Good location.
KTDC_Tea_County : 70 : Nice property : Calm and cool place. Enjoyed a lot
KTDC_Tea_County : 71 : Awesome : Awesome food. Very well treated staff. Over all wonderful experience
KTDC_Tea_County : 72 : Perfect stay : Amazing location, great room, good view. Courteous staff. Excellent food. Totally worth the buck.
KTDC_Tea_County : 73 : Excellent Stay : Excellent location, great service, cooperative staff, good food it could be better if South indian meal was served at restaurant overall experience was excellent
KTDC_Tea_County : 74 : Honeymoon trip : First of all, Thanks to MakeMyTrip to make my honeymoon more memorable to suggest me the name of this hotel. The hotel "The Tea County" located at Munar is located at the top of the hill which is one of the most beautiful place in the Munar. The Tea gardens near about the hotel are so beautiful which make my day as my hotel room balcony is opened in the front of the hill. I loved it.
KTDC_Tea_County : 75 : Excellent Stay : Excellent service and value for money
KTDC_Tea_County : 76 : Nice : Food and stay is good, staff members are excellent. Very well hospitality
KTDC_Tea_County : 77 : Tea County feedback : Great location and a must stay when in Munnar. Excellent ambience, dining facility and cottages. Highly recommended, as number one choice in Munnar.
KTDC_Tea_County : 78 : Don't prefer this property : Location is good but service, cleanliness are poor. Their towels, napkins are of worst quality. They give us a single napkin for a family of 4. There were three big lizards in bathroom. There are no complimentary breakfast here. They say that "breakfast is complimentary!" but it's not true. They charged me extra rupees for my 8 year old daughter and for 13 year daughter. Not at all value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 79 : Perfect location : This property is very near to the Town and has very beautifully maintained. Staff are very friendly and they make you feel special. Food in their restaurant is bit costly however if you compare with quality served in other restaurants in the City its good. For all my upcoming Munnar this property is fixed. Loved the scenic beauty in this resort and spent relaxed time. Highly recommended for those who are travelling with family and small kids. Luxury with budget.
KTDC_Tea_County : 80 : We had a great time. Highly recommended. : We stayed for 2 nights at Tea County. The hotel has great service, fabulous food and gorgeous views.
KTDC_Tea_County : 81 : Trip to Munnar : The stay at hotel Tea County Munnar was a right choice. A very beautiful and we'll maintained property on the Hills. Good room food and service.
KTDC_Tea_County : 82 : Very good hotel : We have stayed in this hotel for two nights. It's a good place to stay in Munnar. Nice food. Well behaved staff. Very good location and very nice hill view.
KTDC_Tea_County : 83 : KTDC is the best : Had a wonderful stay for days. Pleasant view of the Munnar Hills. Recommended one.
KTDC_Tea_County : 84 : Good one : The stay was good, rooms were average. Dont expect nice sceneries as the hotel is in town.
KTDC_Tea_County : 85 : Munnar visit : 2 day stay, Ktdc tea vounty, better than a 5 star hotel very nice place. I recommend whole heartily to go for it.
KTDC_Tea_County : 86 : Munnar trip : Hotel was good spread over a wide area with beautiful flowers blooming but rooms are old. We didn't like our room. Requested for changing it and then shifted to new block constructed few years ago. Breakfast was just okay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 87 : Nice stay. Location is prime. Service is very good : This is a beautiful resort maintained by Ktdc I was very happy to See the standards maintained by the staff. I enjoyed my stay in the Tea County Munnar.
KTDC_Tea_County : 88 : Good resort : The resort is situated near the market and very easy to reach market for shopping.
KTDC_Tea_County : 89 : Best places to stay in Munnar : This was our first time to stay at a KTDC resort so we were initially a little skeptical but the location of the hotel, the cleanliness, the decor, gardens and landscaping all were more than expected. It is very near to the main market area. It is centrally located. Food variety is sufficient for North Indians and the breakfast spread is elaborate. Rooms themselves were well equipped with bath tubs, heater and the room themselves were cottage style quite spacious. The premises is quite spacious and has beautifully landscaped gardens all over. The staff was courteous and the service quick. I will highly recommend to family travelers and couples alike.
KTDC_Tea_County : 90 : Review : Good property for your stay at Munnar. Service is prompt as well
KTDC_Tea_County : 91 : Property is good but poor room maintenance : Stay was memorable. Location and the resort build was so nice. Very pleasant and well maintained property. However, room size is very small and room maintenance was up-to the mark for a 4 star hotel.
KTDC_Tea_County : 92 : Location is quite good : Food is quite good, being a small resort, team was quite approachable.
KTDC_Tea_County : 93 : Wonderful property : Really had a great time. The property is awesome. The sheer expanse of the property and the cleanliness really takes you to pine for more days to spend. Very nicely built. Greenry is also fantastic. Food is good.
KTDC_Tea_County : 94 : V. Good : Exllent and good service. I again visit in your hotel.
KTDC_Tea_County : 95 : Good hotel : Good food but less varieties. Clean rooms. Pleasant staff. Jayesh from the front office was exemplary. He went out if the way to get a few things done. All were very courteous. Will return again.
KTDC_Tea_County : 96 : Great ambiance : Great ambiance, food and service
KTDC_Tea_County : 97 : Excellent stay : The stay in the hotel was excellent, it is surrounded by great scenic landscapes. All the staff were courteous. Each room are very spacious and luxurious.
KTDC_Tea_County : 98 : Good Stay : Best location superb scenery good service. Staff cooperative and good. Advice to improve breakfast. Like to stay again. Also, recommend to family and friends. But good to stay with life partner.
KTDC_Tea_County : 99 : Excellent stay : Pretty good rooms at prime location to other attractions in Munnar. Good restaurant with tasty food. Very friendly staff. Beer and wine parlor is a+.
KTDC_Tea_County : 100 : Terrible Stay : Parking area is not good and wifi very poor
KTDC_Tea_County : 101 : Experience : Even though Munnar Town very very congested, we fell relieved calm in this hotel, resort, beautiful garden, well maintained, good service of restaurant people, very good reception, overall a very very fine resort
KTDC_Tea_County : 102 : Excellent : Excellent place to stay with family. Good ambience and great service at heart of Munnar
KTDC_Tea_County : 103 : Average stay : Rooms are little old. Facilities are average.
KTDC_Tea_County : 104 : Aesthetic property with great hospitality blended with authentic kerala cuisine : A warm welcome, great ambience, excellent property at Munnar Town, room was awesome, can spend more time at the hotel itself since its landscaping and garden were exotic. Restaurant was good and the scenic beauty it gave through the open window was relaxing and soothing at its peak. Service was too good and executive chef were great in its hospitality. Though food variety is limited, but it tastes awesome. Moreover buffet menu were some what veg base and the non veg was excellent though numbered less. Everything compounded the restaurant ambiance with the service and hospitality there. Lobby were too good and feels very exotic in relaxing as well as for those who needs to read or to take a deep breath. Carrot board server some pleasure time there. Permit room looks very much aesthetic in its arrangements. Overall great experience. Well maintained!
KTDC_Tea_County : 105 : Nice stay. : One of the best resorts in Munnar. Well spread in 18 acres and easy to reach location. Food is very costly. Complementary breakfast is good.
KTDC_Tea_County : 106 : Good : Best stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 107 : Amazing hotel to stay in Munnar : Amazing hotel in Munnar. Weather in september I awesome. Amazing foggy atmosphere.
KTDC_Tea_County : 108 : Awesome stay : Really nice ambience. Good stay. Location perfect Town.
KTDC_Tea_County : 109 : Neeraj : It was a goody stay at a good location. Beautiful resort with nice beer and wine parlour
KTDC_Tea_County : 110 : Superb : Excellent.
KTDC_Tea_County : 111 : About Ktdc Tea County : It was awesome stay in Tea County. All service staff were behaved well. Overall it was nice experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 112 : Poor Stay : We had booked 1 day stay with all meal plan (breakfast, lunch, dinner included). Booking mail even mentioned mineral water included. At check in, the reception staff told me either lunch or dinner will be included. After showing the booking details in mail, he discussed with his senior and included lunch. At night there was power failure thrice without any back up power supply. No hot water in bathroom. Water was just warm. Next morning in breakfast - most of the items were finished when we went at 9:40 am. Only few items replenished. Most of the items were cold. There was no drinking water so we asked for it. They gave a bottle of mineral water but at the check out they charged me for mineral water which I paid. I was given explanation that mineral water is chargeable. I showed him my booking mail, which clearly mentions all meals paid for and mineral water included. Then came a new explanation - mineral water is free in room and not in restaurant. That means - breakfast is free and not water. By that time we were fed up and left after paying the amount.
KTDC_Tea_County : 113 : Excellent service! : The hotel staff was pleasing and awesome. They were kind and helpful. The restaurant staff were very presentable and served with happiness.
KTDC_Tea_County : 114 : Fine stay and dine : Excellent accommodation and ambiance.
KTDC_Tea_County : 115 : A resort waiting to be explored. : Beautiful resort with a lot of potentials. Great location and peaceful ambiance for a relaxing couple of nights. Maintenance is required as the property is displaying its age. Food is average. The ayurvedic center is good. Staffs are polite and we'll mannered. Overall a really enjoyable stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 116 : Bad food choices : Same menu everyday for breakfast (buffet)
KTDC_Tea_County : 117 : Excellent Stay : A very good option in Munnar to stay. In the heart of market area. There are lots of dining option outside the hotels at walking distance also.
KTDC_Tea_County : 118 : Pleasant stay. : It was a pleasant stay. Food was good. Staff was very friendly. Overall it was a good experience and value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 119 : Vacation : Nice place and well maintained property
KTDC_Tea_County : 120 : Good one : Nice place to stay. Good amenities
KTDC_Tea_County : 121 : Excellent : Enjoying most memorable period. Excellent view location Breakfast superb. Cleanliness excellent. Again we will plan to stay with my family and relations.
KTDC_Tea_County : 122 : Good hotel and nice location : The location and the ambience in the resort is nice. But they don't have lifts we have to always climb lots of stairs to reach rooms, so not suitable for elderly people. Also the path to rooms are filled with grass and not well lit. In that same path I saw snake moving during daytime. So the place is quite scary at night not very safe. Overall it's good, provided they address this safety factor.
KTDC_Tea_County : 123 : Very bad : Not Worth going it's too bad. Will never ever visit not even in my bad dream
KTDC_Tea_County : 124 : Very fantastic stay : Everything was very nice, hotel management persons are very friendly and quick responding, especially Ibrahim sir service and his immediate response and solving the requirements of visitors making very comfortable and satisfaction stay. Thanks to KDTC.
KTDC_Tea_County : 125 : Stay at KTDC Munnar. : It was wonderful to stay over here. The family has liked it as well. Would recommend a family stay. Close to market. Extraordinary staff and services. Value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 126 : Great stay and wonderful location : Tea County is a great place to stay with lot of activity they provide like bone fire, indoor games and spa services. They have their own restaurant and beer/wine bar which is also good and the view from these places are also nice. The food is little costly but it is kind of good and manageable when served. Staff here is helpful and good. Room service guys are good and are helpful.
KTDC_Tea_County : 127 : Fabulous experience : The resort is located in the Town very near to the market and offers beautiful view of the Town and Valley. The staff was helpful. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. Hygeine standards were upto mark. The complimentary breakfast cannot be expressed in words. Variety with taste. I recommend this resort to everyone.
KTDC_Tea_County : 128 : Stay for two nights : Power was not available for sometime at night due to tripping. Hotel staff could not produce a proper plug for charging. Premises look ok.
KTDC_Tea_County : 129 : Good stay : Service not too good, excellent property
KTDC_Tea_County : 130 : Excellent Stay : It was a very pleasant and memorable stay in Tea County
KTDC_Tea_County : 131 : Average Stay : Very nice hotel view is also good, breakfast could be more better.
KTDC_Tea_County : 132 : 1 night at Thekkadi : Wonderful support by guards for animals found in forest. Nice hotel to stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 133 : Good service, reasonable price : A nice stay good food, polite and helpful staff, well maintained lawns and gardens, plenty of space to roam around. Overall a fair deal for the price.
KTDC_Tea_County : 134 : Vacation at Munnar : Stay at Ktdc was wonderful. Beautiful location, quiet and clean. Excellent get way place though the food is a bit overpriced.
KTDC_Tea_County : 135 : Good Stay : Great location. Well maintained facility. Resort does not have a pool. Children's play area can be improved
KTDC_Tea_County : 136 : Great location and resort : We stayed for a single night and right from the room, staff behaviour, ambience to food everything was perfect
KTDC_Tea_County : 137 : Good Stay : Good location. Very good ambience. Good climate. Well landscaped campus.
KTDC_Tea_County : 138 : A holiday to remember : We had a pleasant stay at Tea County resort. The hotel was absolutely perfect to have kids along and elderly parents too. The staff are courteous and friendly. Will make it a destination for stay whenever in Munnar!
KTDC_Tea_County : 139 : Excellent Stay : Best place for family in Munnar
KTDC_Tea_County : 140 : Over all a good stay : Location is too good though the hotel is very close to Town.
KTDC_Tea_County : 141 : Excellent stay : Excellent location, friendly staff n nice food
KTDC_Tea_County : 142 : Nice stay : Great location. Clean and good size room with balcony and nice views. Very good food but pricey. Enjoyable stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 143 : Stunning Tea County resort at Munnar : It is stunning and serene. Like a beautiful palace. Great stay. Great room. Great food. Great spa. Had wonderful time with family. Worth for money. Overall a pleasant and amazing stay. Thanks to MakeMyTrip for a wonderful offer.
KTDC_Tea_County : 144 : Good stay for family : I had pleasant stay with my family. Food is bit expensive. Complimentary breakfast is ok not much for non veg.
KTDC_Tea_County : 145 : Stay at Munnar : Location is good and food is expensive, service is good overall good experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 146 : Fantastic time : Value for money, spacious, well maintained, courteous staff
KTDC_Tea_County : 147 : Two day complete relax : Neat and well kept resort. Calm and peaceful atmosphere. Clean and spacious rooms with a private sit out. Sometimes complimentary breakfast.
KTDC_Tea_County : 148 : Excellent place to stay in Munnar : Very spacious and comfortable rooms with a balcony giving a very good view of the Valley. Property is very well maintained. Equipment for recreational activities are well maintained. Staff is very courteous and friendly. Slightly expensive but Worth the money. Spread of the breakfast is excellent. Food is quite expensive if not in the package.
KTDC_Tea_County : 149 : Excellent Stay : Good ambience nice for couples
KTDC_Tea_County : 150 : Excellent Stay : The stay was superb, location was so so good and the service and food was great. Looking forward for the next trip. Great experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 151 : Must stay property : Amazing hospitality by Ktdc.
KTDC_Tea_County : 152 : Excellent Stay : Everything is nice and location is superb within city and its a huge property.
KTDC_Tea_County : 153 : Tea County resort is a marvellous place to stay : My stay in Tea County resort was marvellous and finest experience to stay with my family members. Restaurant of this resort is an unique one which provide superb delicious food including of North indian dishes also with best preparation. Location of this resort is best in Munnar situated at very beautiful location. Staff of this resort was very courteous and helpful.
KTDC_Tea_County : 154 : Excellent Stay : Great food despite being vegetarian. And hospitality extended was beyond call of duty.
KTDC_Tea_County : 155 : Excellent Stay : Best location in Munnar. Staff is good. Food is little costly but good. Worth staying.
KTDC_Tea_County : 156 : Worth the money : Good food, good location. Spa is not that good
KTDC_Tea_County : 157 : Comfortable rooms : Good location and picturesque outdoors, but room interiors are old and furnitures requires some maintenance. Also the restaurant is average
KTDC_Tea_County : 158 : Very good experience : Stayed for a night in deluxe room. Rooms are spacious clean with 24 hot water supply. They have a good restaurant as well which is reasonably priced, facilities like TT, snooker (though this needs repair) etc is available as well. The staff was very courteous and well behaved. Really good experience. Good spacious rooms, courteous staff well maintained resort.
KTDC_Tea_County : 159 : Excellent stay : Food is very tasty and economic bar facility is also very good, overall experience is very good in KTDC resort. So good room, very clean and service is very good, view points are too close to the hotels.
KTDC_Tea_County : 160 : Excellent : Good stay, tasty food, good location.
KTDC_Tea_County : 161 : Excellent Stay : Nice location, good food, perfect place
KTDC_Tea_County : 162 : Excellent Stay : Great place and ambiance for a Weekend getaway, one of the finest experience i've got from Munnar at tea county resort, tasty food best service of staff. Best location for enjoying misty nights.
KTDC_Tea_County : 163 : Good Stay : Bathroom fitting not good. Could have been better.
KTDC_Tea_County : 164 : Enjoyed the stay : Premium location, soothing environment, beautiful scenery, very relaxing and beautiful garden.
KTDC_Tea_County : 165 : Excellent Stay : Staff was very good, polite and humble.
KTDC_Tea_County : 166 : Tea county is good but not worth money : The room service and amenities are good but compared to the price its not enough. Nice foods and the view from room is also good. But the price is too high. Not worth money, room amenities are good but compared to the price its not up to the mark.
KTDC_Tea_County : 167 : Average Stay : The gym is non-functional. It should not be advertised as included in amenities. It's extremely offensive to advertise a facility that almost does not exist. They have an utterly ridiculous and silly method for wifi authentication which makes it extremely inconvenient to use it.
KTDC_Tea_County : 168 : Excellent Stay : Very nice and location is very good. Room is clean and well maintained.
KTDC_Tea_County : 169 : Great : Awesome facility. Great ambiance and good service. Awesome view and hospitality.
KTDC_Tea_County : 170 : Excellent : Excellent food and service, this resort is location in Munnar city, but not disturbance from city life. Friendly staff and good tasty food.
KTDC_Tea_County : 171 : Average Stay : Good hotel But not worth the money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 172 : Good to stay : Good resort. I am satisfied with their service.
KTDC_Tea_County : 173 : Poor Stay : Not a value for money deal. Substandard room for a star hotel.
KTDC_Tea_County : 174 : Excellent Stay : Very good place to stay. Good hospitality. Good food.
KTDC_Tea_County : 175 : Had a good stay : Very nicely located property. The only issue is food. It is not up to the taste for north Indian guests.
KTDC_Tea_County : 176 : Good stay for. : Very nice room with a good view, nice food and very good service. Room with very good view, enough lighting and good service.
KTDC_Tea_County : 177 : Tea County- a good property : Wonderful property and excellent view all around. Staff were courteous and the food was superb. No geyser in the bathroom and their central boiler was out of order. Hence no hot water in the cold mornings. On calling housekeeping, they sent up buckets of hot water which was quite a primitive system and very inconvenient. Otherwise the rest was pretty much impressive.
KTDC_Tea_County : 178 : Nice : The stay is at prime location. Excellent hospitality with many staff. However food was too costly.
KTDC_Tea_County : 179 : Lovely stay at ktdc munnar : A very safe and secure place at a very scenic location in Munnar.
KTDC_Tea_County : 180 : The best stay I've ever had in Munnar : Everything was great. Very good customer service.
KTDC_Tea_County : 181 : Fantastic : Was nice to wake up viewing tea plantation and meadows. Friendly staff. Nice amenities and food. Nice service and view. Nice location. Chef helped with information and food. Nice parking.
KTDC_Tea_County : 182 : Good location with all amenities : Nice food, all staff are cooperative, surrounding atmosphere was excellent, overhaul experience was exceptional.
KTDC_Tea_County : 183 : KTDC Tea County : The natural beauty was amazing. We enjoyed a lot.
KTDC_Tea_County : 184 : Excellent Stay : It's a overall nice experience on staying there. The staffs are very helpful. Overall I liked it's old colonial structure.
KTDC_Tea_County : 185 : Good Stay : Good location good food but expensive,good staff, quantity of the same dish can vary by upto 50% on different days. Heater made a lot of noise, disturbing sleep.
KTDC_Tea_County : 186 : Comfortable place to stay : Comfortable stay and friendly staff. Comfortable place to stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 187 : Average Stay : Food is really bad and extremely over priced. Everything else is good about the resort.
KTDC_Tea_County : 188 : Average Stay : The hotel was nice and comfortable. The service in the restaraunt needs to be improved as the hotel staff seemed to be always in a hurry to clear the plates. There is very little activity for children which should be looked at. Overall, it was a good expereince but expensive.
KTDC_Tea_County : 189 : Good Stay : Overall, a beautiful property.
KTDC_Tea_County : 190 : Excellent Stay : Tea County was the best place out of the ones we stayed at during our stay in Kerala. There was attention to minutest details, and everything from exteriors to gardens to rooms was tastefully and artistically done. The location was superb. Loved the balcony in rooms for the scenic view. The garden was simply best. The rooms were brand new and well equipped. Overall, I found it a great place, and truly recommend it.Value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 191 : Poor Stay : Was not satisfied with the service. Very less TV channels at room. Room heating not sufficient. Room service was slow. Food taste (dinner) was horrible especially north Indian dishes. No facility for kids. They will get bored. Bar provides only Beer and wine (no hard liquors - whiskey, brandy or cocktails). That was a disappointment. The only good thing was the complimentary breakfast menu. Was tasty though less varieties.
KTDC_Tea_County : 192 : Good Stay : Was pleasantly surprised by the higher than expected quality of this place, it being a govt. undertaking. Good things: Quiet place, non intrusive but helpful staff, location. A good hotel to stay. The food is not much value for money suggest you take the complementary and have the rest from outside - try the buffet lunch at T&U.
KTDC_Tea_County : 193 : Average Stay : It was a 4 star hotel and we expected it to be clean. There were cob-webs in the room, the washroom was not very clean, the bath tub looked dirty. Certainly not worth Rs.5500 per night. The property was undoubtedly very well maintained. The rooms were not at all attractive.
KTDC_Tea_County : 194 : Poor Stay : Good location but poorly maintaned
KTDC_Tea_County : 195 : Poor Stay : This was the worst of the so called "4" star hotels we stayed in our whole Kerala tour. There is nothing 4-star, except the food prices! To begin with, there is not a single kids channel available on the cable TV. Most of the channels are local. To our surprise, we were told that is all what is provided by the cable operator in Munnar! Moreover, even that cable reception goes off after around 10:30 PM. Probably the cable operator switches off the connection before he goes to sleep! We were told there is one dish TV connection in the lobby and we can come down to watch over there. How ridiculous! Secondly, the food rates are very exhorbitant and do not match the quality of food. Evening buffet, but no a la carte option! The staff in the restaurant seem very careless and least bothered unless called 2-3 times. Lastly, not even a small children's park. So still worse for a family with children.
KTDC_Tea_County : 196 : Good Stay : Good hotel.
KTDC_Tea_County : 197 : Great experience but too expensive : Tea county is a good property but too expensive.
KTDC_Tea_County : 198 : Average stay : Neither great nor bad, not recommended.
KTDC_Tea_County : 199 : Great Stay : Overall the experience is extremely great Would shortly recommend the hotel as well make my trip of giving me a good service and good rate.
KTDC_Tea_County : 200 : Wonderful experience : Overall its a good experience. Premium rooms are located farthest from the reception and involves a five minutes walk. Except for the weather which was beyond control of anyone.
KTDC_Tea_County : 201 : Bad location and constant noise : I had booked a two nights stay at the tea county . . First, we realized that there was a large banana tree covering the complete view from the room and a huge bowl of food spilt on the lawn along with some plastic wrappers . Then comes the food, absolutely no seasoning or spice in any of the dishes and severely overpriced for the quality . They did upgrade our room at the end but if you are looking for some peace and quiet then this place is certainly not for you . Its a severely overpriced hotel.
KTDC_Tea_County : 202 : Wonderful stay with family at a lovely location in : Excellent experience of stay and service from staff and managers. They even arranged site seeing with good driver and car. Since we left early on the final day they also arranged take away breakfast. It is at a prime location within the town, so shopping and other amenities are easily accessible.
KTDC_Tea_County : 203 : Great experience . Never felt away from home : Great experience with a highly competent and courteous staff with a very positive outlook. The location is beautiful and the well maintained premises makes it very attractive . What stands out is the helping nature and service oriented staff .
KTDC_Tea_County : 204 : Good experience and really like the stay. : Very good ambience and good behaviour from the staff. Speedy check in and food was excellent t. Very good for the families. Breakfast buffet was above average and for non veg lovers it’s not make happy.
KTDC_Tea_County : 205 : Great hotel! Will definitely come back here! : Excellent rooms with excellent views. Service was great and the entire staff was extremely friendly. Food was good, up to the mark. Location of the hotel is also a big plus point. The entire property itself is very beautiful and well maintained.
KTDC_Tea_County : 206 : Excellent Stay : Good & Spacious room. Though Old - but maintained. Good view of hills. Stayed in Premium D-1 - Entry from back side - garbage dumped behind entry - need to be taken care off. Buffet Breakfast was good - had variety for Indians. But preparation of North Indian dishes for Dinner was bad. Overall ambience is excellent. But path way to rooms - has large gaps between tiles - requires careful walking to avoid injury
KTDC_Tea_County : 207 : A memorable stay with Family !! : Very good property, despite being in town away from vehicle noise. Peaceful location. Most of the tourist places are very close to the resort. Very courteous staff. Room service was fast. We checked in at 4pm and ordered lunch despite odd timing our order was served quickly.
KTDC_Tea_County : 208 : Vhji. **** Ghji VIII : A really nice hotel the staff was terriffic food good a nice bar where you can relax . . The location near Munnar and the tea plantation vas excellent I can highly recommend this hotel . Lars from sweden, stayed for 2 days Chios vchui cghui cghu fhhu gghu choklad. Xhh cghu. Ghj
KTDC_Tea_County : 209 : Well located resort with good cottages : Wonderful experience. Old world charm. Courteous staff, good food at the restaurant. The resort is on the outskirts of Munnar. So away from noise and congestion, and located at the approach road of major tourist destinations
KTDC_Tea_County : 210 : Excellent : Resort right at Central Munnar. Resort has a very good garden, Excellent rooms and amenities. Decent restaurant facilities. Courteous and helpful staff. Overall a good experience and value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 211 : Good view old room lots of walking around : Area around room is good room itself is good in size and design but furniture needs update. Also there are lot of stairs which cause inconvenience. Hotel is located at a very steep slope so can't walk although its located near market Food is very costly in hotel. Breakfast menu is almost same daily.
KTDC_Tea_County : 212 : Great hotel .. Good rooms ... Great location : Need to improve food .. Otherwise staff was very polite and helpful .. Great location ... Well maintained .. Deleted to stay there
KTDC_Tea_County : 213 : Environment : Very well located property with good ambience and courtes team surprised to see a government department property kept so well
KTDC_Tea_County : 214 : Breakfast was one of the best. : Very good place for families. Staff were very friendly. Location is very handy, only few minutes drive to the town. Kids play area could be improved bit more. Otherwise I am very satisfied with the stay and services. Rooms were very neat and tidy and good views from the rooms.
KTDC_Tea_County : 215 : Good - Excellent, rooms and location - memorable : Premium rooms - spacious, well equipped with good natural light, ventilation. Location - Excellent, gives good scenic view of the town. Services - Average, was suppose to check in at 12 Noon, but the rooms were made available at 1:00 PM. Restaurant - Breakfast was standard and good, the menu served as lunch or dinner was very poor with monotonous preparation
KTDC_Tea_County : 216 : Very good resort but not money worth in peak seaso : The charges are high in peak season otherwise off season fare is the best we should pay. Room was great, 24 hours hot water, good hill side view, not much choices in dinner buffet, poor WiFi reception due to hilly region.
KTDC_Tea_County : 217 : Not so great : Old property and well maintained from outside and view is good but authorities should think about renovation of rooms. Service is good but rooms are not great. Location of the hotel is good as you can walk down to market for shopping or food. Also it not meeting 4 star standards.
KTDC_Tea_County : 218 : Room was smelly : Room was smelly and the room location was such that had to travel in open rain from reception to room.. Kids area swimming pool was not maintained.. Food was overpriced and service was slow.. Tea maker was very unclean..
KTDC_Tea_County : 219 : Value for money. : A very good resort maintained by. Resort was located in the main town but in the higher location. It is very large property and well designed. Hotel managements was courteous and professional, like Offered well come tea. They have very nice decorated Reception area. All the rooms were isolated, so there was complete privacy. Rooms were very good and big with all the amenities like room heater etc. One can easily get some peaceful time with loved ones here. Restaurant was good and food was also good. Recommended for peaceful stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 220 : A good property that can be serviced better! : The hosts were great. The setting and landscaping was great. But the rooms could be a little more comfortable for the price, there were no handtowels in the bathroom when we arrived. Also, cleanliness was an issue, the bedsheets and pillowcases were dirty and on the second day the housekeeping did not even wipe any surfaces in the room. They only made the bed and swept the floor. Food again is quite mediocre at best. Breakfast lacked variety and ala carte during meals was just OK. So overall, good setting and landscaping, but service offerings could be improved quite a bit.
KTDC_Tea_County : 221 : Enjoyable though a little pricey : Good experience! Good climate. Food is expensive though. However, the staff was very polite and well mannered. They even called the room to check if we had dinner. That was a neat gesture. Parking space is available but its "hill"arious. Rooms are a bit oil but neatly maintained.
KTDC_Tea_County : 222 : Overall very good experience and enjoyed the stay : Wonderful experience.. Awesome location.. Good food.. Hotel is nearby to main town and most of the places.. Courteous staff and good service.. Really worth place for relaxation.. Recommended for all who are seeking some peaceful time with loved one. Good facility and excellent location.
KTDC_Tea_County : 223 : Wonderful experience : Wonderful experience.. Awesum location.. Good food.. Hotel is nearby to main town and most of the places.. Courteous staff and good service.. Really worth place for relaxation.. Recommended for all who are seeking some peaceful time with loved ones..
KTDC_Tea_County : 224 : Excellent location and ambience : Good facility and excellent location. Restaurant over priced. Service is good. No buffet for lunch or dinner. Over all very good experience and enjoyed the stay along with the family. Recommend this to everyone.
KTDC_Tea_County : 225 : 23rd Nov 2017 to 25th Nov 2017 : Cleanliness is Excellent. Location is Excellent. Food is very costly. Just Enjoy their complimentary breakfast. Breakfast is Excellent. Thanks MMT for giving such good experience with a reasonable price. I suggest this hotel is Best for Couple and Family trips.
KTDC_Tea_County : 226 : Experience was good but tariffs are costly : Excellent property and very well maintained. Gardens are absolutely beautiful. Amazing view. Food was good could have been better. Little expensive and bathroom could have been cleaner. Market is 1 km away
KTDC_Tea_County : 227 : Good stay, we have enjoyed the view from hotel. : Over all good experience in hotel, little far from city. So couldn't explore the Munnar. It will close early in the evening but had good experience in sightseeing and food. Nice mountain view from hotel.
KTDC_Tea_County : 228 : Good Hotel. Could be more vegetarian-friendly. : All the staff were very courteous, polite and helpful. The Tea County resort has very good surroundings and ambience. The manager Gopu Chand as ever went out of his way to make our stay as pleasant as possible. He was very considerate and listened to the guests very attentively. Overall our experience was positive. The only issues we had and this was common throughout the various other places we stayed in Kerala and Tamil Nadu is the suitability of the food served in the hotels and resorts for consumption by vegetarians. The white bread and naans served contain egg and are unsuitable for vegetarians. The cheese used was also suspect as there was an unawareness of the availability of vegetarian cheese. Our concerns, however, were attentively listened to by Mr Gopu Chand and taken on board by him by instructing the chef to facilitate our needs. Full marks to him and his team. Hopefully, in the future, the Tea County Hotel will become more vegetarian-friendly.
KTDC_Tea_County : 229 : Peaceful place : The rooms are well maintained and spacious. Food was good, however non vegetarian food is not very fresh. The property is very well maintained and the staff is good. The view from the hotel is good ...
KTDC_Tea_County : 230 : Good to stay : It was a foggy day, climate was good and the place has many flowers which makes your mind pleasant. Booking through MMT made me to save some amount. Food provided also good, service was also good. Good place to stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 231 : Location is close to most : Location is close to most of the places. Staff and facilities in the hotel is good. Total value for money. Food is sumptuous. Staff in the hotel are very much helpful in guiding us to the exotic places nearby
KTDC_Tea_County : 232 : The property is very well : Very well maintained hotel with excellent service and location. There are many restaurants with walking distance. We really enjoyed our stay. View from the rooms were breathtaking. Hotel staff was extremely well trained and courteous
KTDC_Tea_County : 233 : Very good location : Very good and sprawling facility in the heart of Munnar. Well maintained trees, plants and lawn. Restaurant service was good. There was a good variety of menu in the break fast. We had opted for dinner as well and the menu for dinner was also good. They arrange for Camp fire as well. Well service from House keeping, when we called for. They should also provide for other regional language channels like Marathi channels.
KTDC_Tea_County : 234 : Perfect location, clean and elegant rooms, helping : Perfect location, clean and elegant rooms, helping staff, quick check in. What more you can ask. We were 4 adults, one child and one infant and every one thoroughly enjoyed. Thanks, make my trip for suggesting this wonderful property. Monsoon made the whole experience all the more exciting
KTDC_Tea_County : 235 : Good location, clean safe environment : Swimming pool and more indoor activities need to be provided. More information about places to visit need to be provided. More options of food need to be provided during breakfast and dinner. During check in complimentary lunch should be provided.
KTDC_Tea_County : 236 : Excellent location with scenic beauty : Our trip to Munnar would not have been a great success without three comfortable days of stay in this Resort. Some of the outstanding features of this hotel is 1. Location, 2. Landscape, 3. Close proximity to Munnar town, 4. Good breakfast, 5. Housekeeping and services. We could do lots of shopping and enjoyed various local foods as the town is very close walking distance. I would recommend this hotels to any body travelling with family to Munnar for the 1st time. Thanks to MMT for convenient & hassle free experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 237 : Location, convenient. : Nice property, clean and well maintained. Location is a plus point it is in the city centre so many sightseeing points are accessible .. Food is bit expensive but is tasty. Overall good stay, I would stay here again.
KTDC_Tea_County : 238 : Value for money deal on MMT. : Right at the center of Munnar, nice calm place and balcony view is nice when climate is best with nice foggy mountains in the background, food is average and cannot expect anything more. Evening at the balcony is a pleasant place to sit and talk
KTDC_Tea_County : 239 : Prime location in the city center and scenic views : Excellent location, near the city center. Staff are very cordial. Foods are exotic. Room size is bit small but views from balcony was superb. Reasonable room rate and worth for money. Overall a nice place to stay with your family and enjoy the scenic view of the location.
KTDC_Tea_County : 240 : 1. Superb ambience 2. Calm and : Room is near by Munnar busstand, we booked premium room and it is clean and hygiene. Got a awesome view to hills from balcony. Good ambience. Breakfast is good and food menu bit expensive. Overall a great place to stay. Calm and quiet. Best resort for honeymoon.
KTDC_Tea_County : 241 : Reasonable rates, Good location in Munnar : Stay at hotel was very comfortable. Room service was prompt. Whatever we asked provided quickly. I will say one of best hotel in Munnar. Hotel is within Munnar town. Other hotels shows that they are in Munnar but actually 10. To 15 km away from town. This hotel is about 01 km from town. Lot of eating place available in nearby area of all type. In house eating is also good. Hotel is neat and clean. Value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 242 : Relaxed stay : Very nice location and relaxing holiday. My 14 month old son also liked it there. The wine and beer parlour needs a lot of improvement. Other facilities are pretty good. Since location is very close to market, you get a lot of options to eat and even a taxi to autorickshaw.
KTDC_Tea_County : 243 : Great experience! Would highly recommend. : Located right in the middle of Munnar town ... Easy access to all tourist spots. Good service by the hotel staff ... Rooms have good views and is maintained well. Restaurant has very good buffet ... Nice selection of menu items ... Serves Indian, continental ...
KTDC_Tea_County : 244 : Location is not great since it is in city. : We were looking for a resort with great view to have a relaxed vacation. Tea County is situated right in the middle of the city and there is not much space outside the buildings to roam around. It does not provide a great view or amenities to have a relaxed stay. Buffet was average. Room and other services are good.
KTDC_Tea_County : 245 : We have enjoyed a lot. : Overall it went relax and excellent trip. We enjoyed lot. Bustand is nearby hotel. Good breakfast. My kids enjoyed lot. Very good place to stay in Munnar. One of my best memorable place. My suggestion is better to include dinner also. Otherwise expensive. I was not included so I paid much.
KTDC_Tea_County : 246 : Excellent stay : A very good place to enjoy with your beloved person. I had got this place at a very good price from makemytrip and have it enjoyed to the at most. If there would be a package from the hotel such as travelling to places in Munnar.
KTDC_Tea_County : 247 : Hotel is excellent : Hotel is excellent. Ambiance and facilities very good. Recommend highly. Cost is little higher but worth. Lot of rooms and facilities are too good. View from balcony was very good. Will stay there next time too.
KTDC_Tea_County : 248 : Great resort experience close to everything : Excellent location, spacious rooms, quiet and pleasant premises, yet very close to town. Very nicely managed property. Very courteous and supportive staff. Veg food tastes OK but lacks variety. Stayed for 2 days, both days same items in buffet breakfast.
KTDC_Tea_County : 249 : Good location but rest of things are average : Location was good. Nice view from room Balcony. Near to Market area that's advantage. Food quality was OK .. Even service was OK ... I got offer while booking & hence it was value for money for @ 4000 mainly due to location, view from room etc. Not worth 7-8 K for sure.
KTDC_Tea_County : 250 : Excellent clean rooms, all with balcony sit out. : Very nice room, good food and located in middle of Munnar city. It is a bit away from main tea gardens. The managed property is a destination in itself. Spa is overpriced& luxury tax xtra on spa.
KTDC_Tea_County : 251 : Superb Hotel : Complete value for money, location too good, service too good, excellent food, courtesy staff, excellent climate. As it is so no issue with the area of property. Proper taken care of privacy. Everything is in good shape. Arrangements are excellent.
KTDC_Tea_County : 252 : Had nice stay ... However food is costly : Nice location and service. Located well in city. House keeping was good and clean. Had nice stay however food is hotel restaurant is costly compared to other hotels in the location. Can provide pick up and drop off service as all 3 star hotels provide in most places.
KTDC_Tea_County : 253 : Excellent resort like hotel, very scenic : Government run hotel in great location, natural beauty. Well maintained gardens. Separate cottages like rooms, very spacious with large balcony. Good basic 5 star facilities, including heater/blower in rooms. Food is okay with lots of options in breakfast for vegetarians. Shirodhara/spa services available in the hotel. Staff is cordial and professional. Tourist spots not far from the hotel which is located in main Munnar town.
KTDC_Tea_County : 254 : It's in the heart of Munnar. : The location is superb. The rooms are clean and well placed. Our room had a good view. All rooms have balconies Service is prompt. Check in check out timings are comfortable. The gardens are beautiful and well maintained. Ample parking space.
KTDC_Tea_County : 255 : Beautiful resort on the hills of Munnar : The property is beautifully located on a hill with serene surroundings. The restaurant and all other facilities are well spaced and clean. The highlight for me is their garden which is really well kept (maybe the best I've seen). Cottage was large and also with a tub. Overall amazing experience will def go back!
KTDC_Tea_County : 256 : Good stay experience : One can enjoy the serene beauty of Munnar with a pleasant stay at Tea County. The staff were always at our service and you can see satisfied occupants there. Individual cottage is available. The ambience was excellent. Rooms were neatly maintained. The food was delicious and you can have sufficient varieties there.
KTDC_Tea_County : 257 : A serene ambience from families to spend vacation. : Secured, neat and prompt services. Already added the hotel to our next trip schedule. The features were same as that shown in makmy trip and was worth every penny we spent. Loved the stay and the staff executed their job promptly.
KTDC_Tea_County : 258 : Not value for money : Good place to stay. Beautiful gardens but rooms and washrooms are below average not maintained as per expectation require renovation. Staff and service is good. Location and food quality is good but not value for money.
KTDC_Tea_County : 259 : Awesome location. Good buffet breakfast. : Room are clean. Toilets wer okay but shower was not working. Thay have heater in room but when the mode is turned to hot it emits a foul smell. The breakfast buffet was awesome, they have a beautiful garden and they maintain it well. Its location near town is also good
KTDC_Tea_County : 260 : Nice stay for the honeymoon : Tea county resort is a luxury hill Resort in Munnar which is very nice resort especially for the honeymoon. It in very good location also. Staff are so cooperative and the food they are serving is very good.
KTDC_Tea_County : 261 : Located in centre of town : It was an awesome experience. The hotel cleanliness, it's ambience and the resort is superb. The rooms, bar and restaurant are undoubtedly one of the best. As it is located in centre of town, you can go to the shops easily
KTDC_Tea_County : 262 : Good hotel but service needs a lot of improvement : Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in Dec2016. Pros: 1. Good location (close to city centre with good view of city as well as hills) 2. Rooms are spacious and well maintained 3. Lot of amenities are available Cons: 1. Reception counter was below average. They barely speak with customers. 2. Food is extremely expensive and quality + service is pathetic.
KTDC_Tea_County : 263 : The Awesome resorts, unique : The staff and attendants of resorts are curtiois well managed behaved. The location of resorts is unique, garden is superb, the quality of food is hygienic. Rooms interiors is very unique, well decorated.
KTDC_Tea_County : 264 : Superb stay : Beautiful resort with great view of Munnar town. Had a great time, place is maintained well, I would definitely recommend everyone to stay at Tea county, ambience and hill view is fantastic! One suggestion needs to improve a bit on buffet breakfast, taste is not that great and not much variety.
KTDC_Tea_County : 265 : Awesome experience & good hotel : It was really awesome experience, hotel was too good. Location is the best. Overall, it was very good trip. It was really awesome experience. Would like to visit this place once again.
KTDC_Tea_County : 266 : Good rooms but service and food can get better : We were given the deluxe rooms on check in. They shared brochures on spa services offered and also other recreational activities within the resort. I wasn't impressed with the room offered as it was too far from the reception area and also felt staying aloof. The hotel has good rooms in the center of the resort. Also breakfast buffet is worth forgetting. The idlis were hard, dosa cold and juice over before the breakfast closing time. Not much of choice for breakfast. Rooms were clean and spacious.
KTDC_Tea_County : 267 : Awesome place to stay in Munnar : Its costly but I got deal from makemytrip, Hotel is very nice, location is good. Staff is polite and co-operative, rooms are clean, facilities are good (TT table could be more better) Awesome views from room balcony. Overall satisfied and great experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 268 : Great location and good resort : Stayed there from Sep 15 - 17, 2016. The highlight is the location which is very close to Munnar town center, but very calm and quiet. Good facilities, ambience are highlights. The view from the resort is breathtaking. Overall a great place to stay with your family. Few suggestions - the food is priced exorbitantly. A single chapati cost you Rs 40. The parking area is vast, but is muddy. Need a paved and clean surface for parking. All other points are positive.
KTDC_Tea_County : 269 : Well-maintained property & value for money : The resort is located just in the middle of the town still away from the hustle and bustle of the city. The rooms/cottages are very spacious with all the amenities. You get a locker in your room to store your valuables. The property is very well-maintained and a total value for money. Had a smooth check-in. The hotel staff is very courteous. However, Wi-Fi is a challenge there. Whether you are staying near to the reception or not, the Wi-Fi is poor. Spread was good for buffet breakfast. Had lunch and dinner also in the hotel. Food is extremely overpriced. But if you just walk down the hotel premises, you get lots of restaurants in reasonable price. The resort has a well-equipped gym and a recreational room. There is a favourite shop near the reception area which sells spices and other Munnar specialities. A good hotel with enchanting views. Had a enjoyable holiday.
KTDC_Tea_County : 270 : Enjoyable stay : Really enjoyed the stay at Tea County.. Right in the middle of the town, peaceful and well set up cottage rooms with all the facilities... The restaurant had great ambience and the food was nice, play area was good, sufficient car parking space and friendly staff, landscaping was also beautiful.. Will surely recommend this property of Tea County.
KTDC_Tea_County : 271 : Relaxing and enjoyable stay : The resort was located in beautiful landscape amidst Munnar town and also was well maintained property. Rooms had a good view of the misty mountain and trees, the serenity of the location, breathtaking views of the valley made the stay very pleasant and refreshing. Needs to improve on the taste of the food served at its restaurant. Also, hospitality needs more improvement and sense of warmth was lacking. Overall it was a delightful experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 272 : Overall nice stay : Location of the hotel is too good. We stayed in premium room. Room was quite spacious with a view of the valley. Buffet breakfast had a good variety. Hotel menu prices are quite high. Overall a nice stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 273 : Good property & average food : Hotel is located at good location. Nice big campus. Although old, but nicely maintained. Food was very disappointing. There were very few options even in breakfast. Room service is very expensive. But you have few other options nearby.
KTDC_Tea_County : 274 : Very good experience : Very friendly staff in the hotel. Very nice plantations and scenic view. Truly recommendable to visit with family, couples or even singles. They do provide with Jain food which has very good taste.
KTDC_Tea_County : 275 : Enjoyed the stay : Cosily nestled right in the middle of two hills is Tea County, your official host in Munnar. Here, every room offers mesmerizing views. You can enjoy the mist rolling down in the warmth of luxuriously furnished rooms. And it is literally a honeymooner's paradise. Those who want to venture out may bicycle down mountain trails, paraglide over the valleys, go trekking, climb rocks, try to catch a rainbow trout or spend a day in a tea plantation.
KTDC_Tea_County : 276 : Good Stay : It is situated in the heart of Munnar. Easy access to all locations. Hotel staff are very cooperative. Overall experience was excellent. Need to provide free WiFi to customers. Maintenance needs improvement. Room service is good. Toilets are clean.
KTDC_Tea_County : 277 : Average Stay : We stayed in a room with a view to both the sides. One looked into the crowded city buildings and the other had slums right under the balcony. Distant hill view was average. Food was average. Property looks beautiful and is huge and sprawling. No free WiFi in the rooms which is mostly a standard offering these days. There was no swimming pool.
KTDC_Tea_County : 278 : Good Stay : This is a wonderful place for stay in Munnar. Location of hotel is awesome & Interior of hotel is really very good. Hotel staff are very helpful & co operative nature. Overall my 2 days stay in Munnar is too wonderful & pleasant. I enjoyed at hotel full too.
KTDC_Tea_County : 279 : Decent place for a family to stay : A good hospitality. Clean rooms,but,expected a better view of tea estates from the room.There was LCD/LED screen and a better Breakfast buffet.
KTDC_Tea_County : 280 : Good Stay : Location of the hotel is excellent. One can experience natures beauty there and forget his all kinds of tensions of hectic life. I was on Kerala tour with my family members in the second week of April 2015. Fortunately it was raining at that time. So we could enjoy both the seasons, Winter as well as Monsoon. The property is well maintained by the government. Rooms are specious and clean. The staff is very cooperative. The breakfast is having typical South Indian touch but it is delicious. However the meal is overpriced and is not up to the mark.
KTDC_Tea_County : 281 : Excellent : Stay was awesome!! Loved the place and location. All the local attraction was close and people were most friendly. Been a luxury resort hotel could provide more in room facilities. Overall a great experience and will definitely visit again.
KTDC_Tea_County : 282 : Good Stay : I have started my trip from Munnar and it became the best starting for the trip. Good location, excellent greenery, well maintained and also the food is pretty good. I must say there is no problem of food for North Indians but you will miss dal makhani here. Up to date staff and excellent service.
KTDC_Tea_County : 283 : Average Stay : Overall the hotel was fine and average. A average place to stay. Specifically on the dining options. I wished they had better food service. Also the place it is located was always having traffic issues, we were stuck for almost 2 hrs on daily basis.
KTDC_Tea_County : 284 : it was great , just lacked few minor things : A swimming pool and Wi-Fi access at rooms. The service and location including food was excellent.
KTDC_Tea_County : 285 : Good Stay : Excellent location and awesome ambience. All rooms are like villa type cottages with balcony with good view. Had an excellent stay, very good amenities like indoor games, WiFi etc. Very nice environment with great well maintained lawns and nice lobby. Food was okay, both breakfast and dinner buffet had a good spread and good options for vegetarian. Courteous staff and prompt room service.
KTDC_Tea_County : 286 : Overall good : Great ambients. Reasonably good food. Room service poor. Massage was not satisfactory.
KTDC_Tea_County : 287 : Good Stay : For a government run place, this place is great - great staff, very clean. The food was average but not too bad. The only down side is that there is lift, so was quite difficult from my mother who can not do steps; the staff did provide a wheelchair which was greatly appreciated, would definitely stay here again.
KTDC_Tea_County : 288 : Great place to stay while in Munnar. : Close to all attractions in Munnar.
KTDC_Tea_County : 289 : Excellent Stay : Hotel location is between the tea gardens and view is awesome. Property is superb. Hospitality is good and facilities are up to date. Enjoyed staying at this KTDC property with family and I recommend to stay for a joyful experience.
KTDC_Tea_County : 290 : Good Stay : Very nice place to stay with excellent eminently. Spa is good but need to improve the food quality. Room views are excellent with good scenic beauty. Room service is quick and very efficient. Hospitality is nice to see. But food quality expected to be better.
KTDC_Tea_County : 291 : hotel is good, staff are cordial : In this IT age lack of wifi is a big deterrent.
KTDC_Tea_County : 292 : Excellent Stay : It was our last stop at the end of our vacation and I thought that this being a government run place I should not expect much but surprisingly I was wrong. The staff was very welcoming, they went out of the way to make us comfortable. The breakfast was excellent. The last day we were leaving early for Cochin and they were kind enough to pack a to go breakfast. That was an extra touch that we will never forget. Thank you! The evenings at the bar were memorable. The only thing was they did not had the beers, they had on their menu. The staff were trying very hard and whatever is worth, my piece of advise is, they can be trained better given the opportunity. I highly recommend a program in hospitality training. That was the only difference I noted between your hotel and the privately owned 5 star hotels!
KTDC_Tea_County : 293 : Overall good experinece & excellent surroundings with well kept flower-beds all over the property. : The different flower plants all allong the pathways is something to remember. Staff has been very friendly and helpful. The food except breakfast, needs improvement.
KTDC_Tea_County : 294 : Excellent Stay : Tea County is a beautiful location with cleanliness and excellent staff. Would give excellent rating to the hotel manager Mr. Biju, he is a committed staff and ensures any complaint is addressed immediately. Overall it was delightful experience at Tea County. Hats off Mr. Biju.
KTDC_Tea_County : 295 : Good Stay : If you have to stay in Munnar - this is the hotel to be. We got a room which had balconies overseeing the hills on both front (common) and behind (personal and exclusive). The view was exceptional, services classy and fast and hospitality was wonderful.
KTDC_Tea_County : 296 : Good place to stay : It is good place to stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 297 : Want to visit again and stay : Awesome place for stay, feel delight and good services over there... Whenever I visit this place again I will stay here and will refer my friends and family to stay there for classic service and place.
KTDC_Tea_County : 298 : Need lot of improvements : Kerala is paradise on the earth and so is called god's own country. The team of at Munnar is par excellent. The other unit like bolgatty palace & resort staff must be trained from them regarding professional and commercial interest of KTDC.
KTDC_Tea_County : 299 : Value for money stay : I stayed in two type of rooms: A) E3 - Deluxe room B) E1- Premium room (old type) The only difference is space, else all other facilities are same. However, I prefer Deluxe over Premium (old type), due the distance of fan from bed due to height of the roof in premium (old type) is very far, therefore, fan is too far from bed as compare to deluxe room. 1) The location of the hotel is very near to market place, yet have an exclusive and isolated experience due to internal landscape and building/room placement. 2) Every room is so strategically placed, so that privacy of every room keep intact. Further, there is no evidence of market place once enter into the estate even it is near / in the market place. 3) The rooms are so clean and remains clean on every day. 4) The food for breakfast is very good and with variety by keeping in mind the variety of visitors. 5) The staff is very helpful and not seems to be lazy, greedy or never try to avoid the responsibility by redirecting to another person. 6) No need of AC at all due to climate and the location of hotel. 7) The facility in the room is very good. Hot water is always available. 8) They everyday provides 2 bottles of mineral water, the soap, body lotion, Bath gel, talc powder, toothpaste, toothbrush, set of tissue roll, newspaper, heater, TV everyday. 9) The rooms and beds are spacious. 10) The food in the restaurant of the hotel is also good. I ate both, buffet and a la-carte. 11) The hotel has entertainment facilities like carom, TT, Snooker/ pool table, garden park for children equip with sea-saw, zula, slider plate (ghasargundi). 12) Last but not least, we get the value for money during the hotel stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 300 : A fabulous stay : It's one of the finest hotel located in the Munnar city. Even though the hotel is located in the busy and crowded place, but a vast garden in the frontal area made the hotel isolated and serene. A herbal tea as the well come drink was enchanting on the arrival hall. The Super Deluxe Room was quite spacious with an attractive balcony. The stairway and the dining hall was resembling the Hollywood movie Titanic. Wide corridor from the stair top to the room entrance with the garden in the vicinity was aesthetic and photogenic. Even though the reception was quite far from the rooms, there was absolutely no shortfall in term of services. Hotel crew was asking on our need in different phase of time. Now about the demerits. Even though there was a glass curtain with an open able shutter in the Bath area, it could not stop to flow water to the dry area (wash basin area). Also, there was no holder or rail to keep clothes in the dry area of the Rest Room for changing. We expect to improve these two things in future. In stead of those specific demerit, I will recommend others to avail this property during their stay in Munnar. It's also applicable for me.
KTDC_Tea_County : 301 : Stay to remember : Great resort 1 of the best in Munnar ... Rooms are spacious .. Front desk and staff are amazing with smiling face .. Food is great. Bhviour is overwhelming ... Must stay place in Munnar .. I just loved it .. A small crown in Keralas beauty .. I checked out early. Before their time. And so kind of them they gave us sandwiches and fruits in packing .. I am a frequent but truly spiking never got such hospitality ..
KTDC_Tea_County : 302 : Good deal : Overall a good hotel and well priced. Pros Good location in the city. Good price. Free cruise ride. Good service as always in Taj. Wide variety in food buffet. Cons Small rooms comparatively. The road near the hotel has heavy traffic hence noisy during the day but quiet at night. And small swimmin pool.
KTDC_Tea_County : 303 : Good location & ambience : Ambience and location are two great advantages of this resort. Staff were generally courteous though one or two of them need more customer orientation. More recreation activities like shuttle and cycling would make the stay even more enjoyable. Sightseeing arrangements may be organised as daily package tour to help guests see scenic places.
KTDC_Tea_County : 304 : Good location but overrated and aging property : + It is located very close to the city surrounded by some good hotels (Gurubhavan, Sangeetha). + Rooms are spacious and hot water available always. - Rooms are looking old with water leaking bathroom, aged plumbing fittings, exhaust fan making very loud sound, plastic chair de-colored due to sunlight. - For price room paid, the free buffet breakfast is one of worst with very limited option and average food quality. - Common facility should be avoided (old table tennis board with broken rackets). Overall, I would say the property is average at best. If you didn't find better one, try here.
KTDC_Tea_County : 305 : Value for money : Good stay. Only thing is kids play area need to be more clean and with good equipments. Otherwise it's a very good property and good service. Staff are very cordial. Food is also very good but bit costly.
KTDC_Tea_County : 306 : Safe and Pleasant stay : We were a group of 4 families and enjoyed the stay at the Tea County. Very good service. Beautiful exteriors and spacious interiors. Well maintained. Very good buffer breakfast and dinner. .
KTDC_Tea_County : 307 : Beautiful resort : The location, landscaping and cottage design is beautiful. It's worth spending time in the resort when in Munnar. Initially I was skeptical of my selection, since its a government run property. However when I reached here, I was truly impressed at the first look itself. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Food choices are limited and overpriced, however the quality of food is good. The resort is centrally located and restaurants, market, massage parlours are at short walking distances. The rooms are old, but functional, didn't have any issue. My best experience in any government run facility.
KTDC_Tea_County : 308 : Nice : Excellent location. Rooms very neat & food higinic. Our family enjoyed a lot. ROOM attenders very much cleaned daily served food room service timely. Cost worth hotel for pleasant stay. Hill view from Room balcony enjoyed lot.
KTDC_Tea_County : 309 : Tea County Munnar : It's a not at all good hotel. Rooms are average and not worth what you pay for. Food is pathetic and the service too is horrible. You need to ask for basic things like more plates and spoons. Even for WiFi you have to pay for using over 100 mb in two days. Will not recommended anyone to go to Tea County as even after a formal complaint regarding food no one has come back to me with a solid answer and rectification.
KTDC_Tea_County : 310 : Excellent location : Hotel is right at the heart of city and a big plus for sight seeing. Staff were courteous and had a pleasant stay. Good landscape, kids play area, beautiful surround, decent food. Love to recommend others this hotel
KTDC_Tea_County : 311 : Nice & peaceful stay but expensive food : Tea County is a centrally located place in Munnar Town, which in itself is good because you can go about the shopping after you are back in the hotel. But it is a hard trek in and around the hotel and even to the town and back on foot. The front office staff can be a bit more pleasant when attending to guests. The car parking is located in another compound and if they had valet parking, it would have been good. Food is good, but expensive. Breakfast had a nice spread. If you want to spent a day in the hotel and relax, then Tea County is a good option.
KTDC_Tea_County : 312 : Average experience & expensive food : Like the name sounds, it's no way related to the tea estate. Neither, it's in tea estate nor the backdrop. Lobby is okay. Food is expensive. The breakfast buffet was not great. Not great spread as expected. Room is good, but the TV was facing side wards to the bed, which is very bad. Poor Wi-Fi. Average hotel. Only good thing is, it's closer to the town.
KTDC_Tea_County : 313 : Nice place to stay : It was a wonderful stay with my family at KTDC Tea County. We loved the ambiance and care they provided to us. As this trip was to take a break from busy work schedules, this atmosphere played important role to make us cool & relaxed.
KTDC_Tea_County : 314 : Nice place to stay : What a place, what a great reception and what an atmosphere. Love is in the air. And to add to all, Tea Country is the place to be. A great sense of care and support from the hotel staff to add to all. A recommended place for your stay.
KTDC_Tea_County : 315 : Good experience : It was a relaxed vacation and perfect stay for us. Perfect location, beautifully maintained property. Breakfast menu was simple yet tasty. Good Service. Clean and well maintained room. Spa which is provided within the property is quite expensive and not worth the money they charge.
KTDC_Tea_County : 316 : Wonderful experience : We stayed on 27 and 28 March 2016. We really liked their herbal welcome drink.Even staff gave me print out for its recipie. Hotel was overall nice experience. Food was awesome. Room service was very good, staffs were cordial. Appearance of room and recreation area was nice.
KTDC_Tea_County : 317 : Value for money : Hotel is good but value for money is not there. Breakfast all day only south Indian, so for north Indian choice of food is not there. Otherwise hotel s good. Some furniture in the room required to be replace.
KTDC_Tea_County : 318 : Lovely stay at Munnar in pleasant environment : Good location and worth staying at this hill resort. Located on the hill top gives a majestic appearance. Beautiful landscaping with botanical plantation of different kind of flowers enriches its appearance. Hotel staff is very cooperative and provides good hospitality.
KTDC_Tea_County : 319 : Good place for stay; friendly staff : The resort is right in town but has a good place. Very neat and well-maintained. Staff was friendly. Food was really good but too costly. Though it's maintained by govt, surprised to see such good maintenance. We had MMT 50% off. Otherwise this place is costly for 8k. Didn't find any interesting extra activities.
KTDC_Tea_County : 320 : Amazing place lots of fun : I am writing this mail with reference to my 2 day stay at tea county. It is a amazing place it is at the heart of the city but still away from it. The staff at the desk and elsewhere are there to help always with a smile. The rooms are very very clean. The amenities are all there. You mention it and it is there. The garden is so well maintained. Hot water throughout the day is so welcome. Whenever I have asked for something the desk was ever ready to send people to resolve and help. I have no words to praise your staff for their good work. I have gone through the reviews of your hotel on various portals. Some have been complaining. I see no reason for these kind of people. It is at best comparable to too much expectations that is beyond the realm of possibility. I wish you and your staff good luck. Keep the good work going. Warm regards.
KTDC_Tea_County : 321 : Good location and average food : The location and service is really very good. Property is maintained very well and the view from the room is also very good provided you select appropriate room. The staff is very polite and courteous. Food was ok, neither bad not very good considering the rates. Breakfast was ok but the rates were too high and good food available very near to this place so I preferred to take dinner outside. But overall experience was really good, and would like to visit the property once again sometime in future.
KTDC_Tea_County : 322 : Polite staff and excellent location : Excellent location, polite happy staff, nice toiletries, nice spread of breakfast. Only issue is that the housekeeping takes time to provide stuff in the room and needs reminders. All in all, a good choice to stay in Munnar.
KTDC_Tea_County : 323 : Nice property only let down being food at times : Very nice property occasionally marred by average food, service, rooms and other features hold good. KTDC has in fact maintained the property so well that you at times forget that it's a govt hotel. The hotel being adjacent to Munnar town helps in some quick local shopping.
KTDC_Tea_County : 324 : Hotel is very near the town but peaceful location : The hotel is very near the town but in a peaceful location. The staff are courteous and helpful no nonsense type. We had a premium room with verandah with a good view of the hills. Room is ok with clean bathroom. Restaurant serves good food especially Kerala items. All in all not a bad choice for a calm and quiet stay
KTDC_Tea_County : 325 : Centrally located and courteous staff : Nicely maintained property. The room size and service of the staff was courteous. More variety in buffet needed. Indoor activity for kids were less but spacious garden. Take premium room as it was with valley facing views. Place is centrally located.
KTDC_Tea_County : 326 : Room not up-to the mark and lack of hot water : Checked-in. The reception staff was good. Cleared fast. But the room not up-to the mark. Shown as 3 star but except food everything was bad. No hot water since some problem with the line. But we checked-in on Saturday and came back on Sunday night from Munnar and had the shower. No one to send a bucket of hot water even though we tried out best to get some hot water but 2 days was terrible. First time in life in the last 60 years. First stay in tea county. Ask for hot water before you check-in. The breakfast and dinner was very good. And the charges was not high. Keep this up. Restaurant never try any other place. This is excellent.
KTDC_Tea_County : 327 : Complete value for money : Did a lot of research before confirming this hotel as it was my first Munnar trip. It is located at the heart of the town so all major sightseeing spots in different directions can be accessed easily. The property is very well-maintained with spacious rooms and good view from it. The food was excellent. Our stay here made our trip to Munnar all the more memorable.
KTDC_Tea_County : 328 : Good Stay : Tea County is located in the heart of Munnar along a hillside but close to the main bazaar. I was travelling with my parents, wife and two kids and had booked two deluxe rooms. We arrived at the hotel at 2pm and were checked in within 10 minutes. Lunch was ordered through room service which was the fastest I have ever experienced. The rooms were well maintained with huge beds, equipped with electrical room heaters, an electrical water kettle with tea bags etc, furniture and a wall mounted LCD TV attached to a set top box. The opposite end of the room opened up to a balcony from which the main bazaar was visible below and curling mist and clouds at a distance above. All necessary toiletries were available. The water in the bathroom was not hot which was a bit of a disappointment. This was rectified by a technician in no time. Power failures were frequent and were even told to re-pack just in case we needed to be shifted to another room. However that wasn't necessary.
KTDC_Tea_County : 329 : Good Stay : We stayed in Tea County for a couple of days during our August vacation to Kerala. Being a KTDC property, the resort is very well maintained with superb location and courteous and ever smiling staff - just the right recipe for a great stay. This resort is the best of the three KTDC resorts/ hotels we stayed in Munnar, Thekkady and Kumarakom. Rooms are not ultra-luxurious, but are decent enough for the price paid and one should not have any complaint about those. One suggestion would be not to go for Ayurvedic massage here if you are going to Thekkady or Kumarakom.
