Misty_Mountain : 2 : Okayish : Hotel is just fine but view is great but to get view you have to book deluxe room or your stay will be watching a cement wall even in deluxe rooms. Furniture is trashy and there are lot for cockroaches in toilet.
Misty_Mountain : 3 : Nice hotel to stay : The hotel location is the best point about this hotel, breakfast was excellent, room was nice as well.
Misty_Mountain : 4 : Stay at Mountain courtyard : We stayed for one night and view from forest flame is awesome. Room size is too good and balcony size and coffee table which excited me most. Just one concern, food quality is average and prices are too high.
Misty_Mountain : 5 : Very good : Nice stay. Nice atmosphere. Very good food. Very good room services.
Misty_Mountain : 6 : The experience : The hotel ambience coupled with the view of the Misty Mountain is the most attractive and catchy thing. Really fitting to the name of the hotel. Misty Mountain, total justice to the name.
Misty_Mountain : 7 : Tasty food and very hospitable staff : North indian food is very tasty in this hotel. Very hospitable staff, specially the manager Mr. Chandrashekhar. One poor thing about this hotel is that it doesn't have a bell and every time for room service the person keeps knocking the door. Massage service set up is terrible. However location of the hotel is very ideal. View is excellent. Camp fire on terrace is good.
Misty_Mountain : 8 : Great location and great accessibility : Had a great stay at Misty Mountains. Great views from rooftop and secret garden. We a group of 5 taken 2 rooms and given a kinda suite for 3 of a family a single room for a couple. Food is good and sufficient varieties. But fiery spicy (Hot) for us. But normal by kerala standard. Recommend this place for a good decent hygienic stay.
Misty_Mountain : 9 : Worth for each penny : We started there for one day. The room and secret garden for fabulous. The room which we book was valley view room. The view was great from your balcony. Night dinner buffet was awesome. One suggestion please have toothpaste in the room along with complimentary soap and shampoo.
Misty_Mountain : 10 : Best for family : Good view and best service.
Misty_Mountain : 11 : Best location to stay in Munnar : Hotel location and food both nice.
Misty_Mountain : 12 : Stayed on February 29th 2020 with family of 6 members : 1) Location of hotel is perfect as it is in main road and right opp to tea plantation. 2) Staff courtesy and prompt room services is excellent. 3) Multiple food varieties and good taste. 4) Rooms are neat. 5) Hotel roof has garden and view which is perfect to spend leisure time. 6) Value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 13 : Heavenly palace : Very nice scenic location. Feels mind refreshing. Good mood swing. Feels like we are in the galaxy. Excellent food and service and good quality staffs.
Misty_Mountain : 14 : Average Stay : Spa therapist are good experienced persons. Food and beverage colleagues are friendly.
Misty_Mountain : 15 : Nice : Very nice hotel, food was also good, staff behavior good.
Misty_Mountain : 16 : Good stay : Best location in Munnar. View from hotel is good.
Misty_Mountain : 17 : More attention of management : Required more attention of staff and management to improve the things. Example- In bathroom shower curtain would be, whole bath water comes in toilet side as no door in bath side. After room clean, no cross check of the facility, because staff not putting the towels and other items.
Misty_Mountain : 18 : Pallivasal best viewpoint : The best view of Pallivasal good hotel, economic, good food, good service, small parking area but great Vallet service. If booking here ensure you book for room with view. It's the best. They have a nice garden too. Don't book inside Munnar too dirty too crowded, book here and then visit Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 19 : Well maintained hotel : If you want to enjoy the nature and rare sounds of birds please wake up before sunrise and just go to the hotels roof located at 6th floor.
Misty_Mountain : 20 : Nice stay with a great view and location : I traveled with my wife. Selected this place by seeing alot good reviews and it was a good decision. Main attraction is the location. 'valley view' rooms give a nice view from the room, its worth the extra penny you spent. Complimentary breakfast and dinner buffet was also great. I. Preferred buffet dinner (some amount/person) compared to. Ala carte.
Misty_Mountain : 21 : Average : Staffs were cordial. Ambiance was good. Room cleanliness was satisfactory. But bathroom was congested. Food was not good and all the dishes were not available till the end.
Misty_Mountain : 22 : Superb view of Munnar tea gardens, Sengulam dam and valley and convenient location : Stayed at Misty Mountain during Feb 2020. Overall a wonderful experience. Hotel location is perfect, from the valley view room we could enjoy the fabulous view of the valley, Sengulam dam and tea gardens. The restaurant and food was amazing. Could make it better with some South Indian starters. The bed and bathroom need some improvement, especially the bath could be split to a dry bath area outside the shower. By and large, a wonderful hotel experience and we highly recommend this place.
Misty_Mountain : 23 : While room facing the front is good the rear rooms are darker and feel like no energy : The reception staff are not professionally capable of handling the front desk
Misty_Mountain : 24 : Excellent stay : Extraordinary hotel at nice location with good hospitality. Star quality at cheaper rates. Valley view rooms are highlight.
Misty_Mountain : 25 : Average Stay : Many Resort activities were absent. No music in the camp fire, secret garden was always locked. Karaoke was absent. Gym was not functional.
Misty_Mountain : 26 : Cheaper option : Location is good, room provided was facing a back wall, asked for a change and offered one.
Misty_Mountain : 27 : Average stay : Hotel is good in all ways but not worth in this price range.
Misty_Mountain : 28 : Good vacation : Clean room, good food, helping staff.
Misty_Mountain : 29 : Awesome valley view : We will definitely enjoy the valley view rooms. Which gives a wide view of valley tea plantations etc.
Misty_Mountain : 30 : Good hotel at excellent location : Awesome breakfast, window view inside room is the main attraction, staff behavior very polite, service is good, their top floor is attached to a garden standing on a hill top where you can have good photographs and an excellent view with rich ambience.
Misty_Mountain : 31 : Good enough Resort : Everything was fine and the garden is also good. Clean and the location is comfortable to visit all the places near Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 32 : Misty mountains indeed : The best thing about the Resort is the view that it offers. Amazing and breathtaking. The staff is very well mannered and decent. The rooms are good and clean. Bathrooms well maintained. There is a secret garden at the Resort and it is a great to watch the evening landscape sitting there. At night there are bonfires also. The restaurants are well maintained. Variety of food available. All. The food items I had we're of good taste and quality. The only problem I faced is parking space. But the staff took good care of parking too. Definitely will return to stay here when I return to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 33 : Good Stay : No swimming pool. Rooms are a bit small, base rooms does not have ac. The view outside window is almost blocked for the basic rooms. View is good for Valley sight rooms. The view from the terrace is awesome. Location is great
Misty_Mountain : 34 : Good Stay : The location of hotel is excellent with tea plantation in front and garden on back Side. Very good terrace. Rooms were clean and staff service was excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 35 : Excellent Stay : Stayed for 2 days, the food is very good and the room service is excellent. The room is very good and toilet very clean. The view from our valley side room was more beautiful than expected in this budget.
Misty_Mountain : 36 : I just loved the ambiance : Behavior of staff was excellent. Total friendly atmosphere.
Misty_Mountain : 37 : Good place, awesome view, value for money : Amazing hotel, location is perfect, you wake up in morning with sunrise and a tea plantation view (if your room is on the view facing Side). Good at restaurant was very good.
Misty_Mountain : 38 : Location is good : Property is good but need to improve of food
Misty_Mountain : 39 : Good stay but issue with payment : Super deluxe room quality is good but no view. Only front Side room has excellent view. Room size and facilities are good. Breakfast variety I and quality is good. They dont know how to prepare chinese/North Indian dish. Body massage service was good. But the biggest issue is about the payment for food and other additional services. They did not accept credit or debit card. There is a option for UPI payment but it is not working. So you have to pay cash at the time of check out. This is not accepted for such a good hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 40 : Solo travelers : The hotel is on the best location, amazing sunrise and sunset I've enjoyed both beautiful views.
Misty_Mountain : 41 : Misty may be, but not a Resort! : A good place with an excellent scenic view, provided you get a room with a view! Very good location. Good breakfast spread. Overall very good but not a Resort, as named. Yes, they put on a bonfire on the terrace at night.
Misty_Mountain : 42 : Location : Bit old resort, 8 km from city centre, but good location.
Misty_Mountain : 43 : Hotel review : Cozy abode Amazing food Courteous staff Highly recommended
Misty_Mountain : 44 : Not a pleasant stay : This place has great reviews but doesn't live up to it. The only good thing is its view as it right next to valley point. Otherwise there rooms aren't clean infect the kettle was stinking horribly. Overall we didn't enjoy staying at the hotel and were happy to leave.
Misty_Mountain : 45 : Good : Hotel with cleanliness, natural beauty, good food and parking, garden, trekking.
Misty_Mountain : 46 : Stay was good : It's good place to stay. But the only problem is that it was far away from the Munnar City.
Misty_Mountain : 47 : Calm place : Good experience, enjoyed the stay, this was my second time, breakfast have less variety compared to last time
Misty_Mountain : 48 : Just good : Location and view is very good but building is old type and there is no balcony attached. Staffs are very good and very helpful. Heater providing all the time. Breakfast is good but need to improve with Kerala food. Wifi not working well. Ayurvedic massage and related items are there.
Misty_Mountain : 49 : Pleasant stay : Property is very nice. Only things is that the rooms are not like four star. All property and accommodation are four star but rooms like 2. 5-star hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 50 : Good location : Location is very good, co operative staff
Misty_Mountain : 51 : All is well : Excellent in Pullivasal area.
Misty_Mountain : 52 : Awesome location : Please select rooms with a hill view.
Misty_Mountain : 53 : A good experience of stay and location : There was initial hiccups in check in as there the room offers was not comfortable for family of four as promised/shown in MMT booking. However it was made comfortable by offering other room after the intervention of MMT. Overall it was a good stay.
Misty_Mountain : 54 : Excellent stay : Nice location, excellent quality food, staff behavior nice, and excellent. Over all pleasant stay.
Misty_Mountain : 55 : Awesome, just awesome : This hotel is at a very great location. You can see tea farms when you look out of your window. Room are spacious, clean and have almost all facilities. Staffs are good and mannered. I liked the breakfast as it had variety of items. PS: View from the hotel is amazing.
Misty_Mountain : 56 : Average Stay : Stay was good but had problems and hot water few times otherwise room and view was good. Food taste was not good and the menu was extremely poor. Very less choices.
Misty_Mountain : 57 : Pleasant stay : Enjoyed the stay with family. Rooms were clean. Breakfast was included, which had variety of options.
Misty_Mountain : 58 : Seems a little over priced when you get into their room : Location is good but rooms were just okay. Food quality should be improved.
Misty_Mountain : 59 : Perfect location for a great view : The Resort location is perfect, the Valley view rooms are the best, if you get the corner room it's even better. The staffs were extra courteous and friendly, great service and good quality food. Highly recommended for families.
Misty_Mountain : 60 : Excellent Stay : Very nice hotel, nice view. Good location.
Misty_Mountain : 61 : Good for families : Good experience. Nice and clean room. Food was awesome. They offer complementary breakfast which was delicious.
Misty_Mountain : 62 : Nice location : Location of the hotel is very convenient and on the road. Valley view is very beautiful.
Misty_Mountain : 63 : Very good hotel with excellent location : Had great time. I missed trekking but hotel had arrangements. Trekking site is adjacent to hotel. Excellent tea garden views from hotel
Misty_Mountain : 64 : The staff doesn't believe in solving the problem rather adamant. Seems the management is not exposed to courtesy : Cannot be rated more than one star.
Misty_Mountain : 65 : Overall excellent service : Overall excellent in all services and Valley view is amazing from the room.
Misty_Mountain : 66 : Great value, in terms of location and facilities : Stayed over the new year at Misty hills. Fantastic location, overseeing tea gardens and hills. Good facilities, including gym, indoor games and spa. We stayed in the deluxe rooms, very well appointed rooms and clean bathrooms. Excellent buffet breakfast. We were a little disappointed with the gala dinner on the 31st. But the ala carte menu and food was very good. Overall a very comfortable and great stay. Definitely recommend for anyone looking for options in Munnar. This is about 8-9 kms before Munnar town.
Misty_Mountain : 67 : Excellent stay : Location is very good with a very beautiful front view, buffet is really good and has good variety, service is quick and excellent
Misty_Mountain : 68 : Beautiful view : Everything was good except that Gala dinner. Complete waste of money.
Misty_Mountain : 69 : Ok : The stay was ok. Noises from corridor reach the room quite easily and was bit annoying.
Misty_Mountain : 70 : Great location : The property overlooks tea gardens and is conveniently located on the outskirts of Munnar. Helpful staff. Great food at the restaurant. Make sure to visit the secret garden.
Misty_Mountain : 71 : Stay at Misty : The advantage of staying this place is the location. Place is decent, could improve wrt to cleanliness. Food is good, but not hot. Lift sucks, every time you in there, plan ahead what to do for next 10 plus minutes. Overall not worth so much per night.
Misty_Mountain : 72 : Hotel with nice location : Hotel with a nice view, the trek from the hotel is good. Rooms are small, food is ok with less variety. Please ignore the spa simply not Worth it.
Misty_Mountain : 73 : Not that good : The hotel location was nice. But the food quality and service was bad.
Misty_Mountain : 74 : Stay at Misty Mountain Resort : The hotel was at a nice location. Great for staying with family. Had a good time staying here.
Misty_Mountain : 75 : A trip to Munnar : The Resort is nicely located at the top small hill with Valley on one side. A very quiet place with plantations surrounding it. It was overall a good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 76 : Honeymoon : It was a great stay, the view was good.
Misty_Mountain : 77 : Munnar family trip : We had a very good experience in the hotel. Nice location with scenic views. Rooms are not the best but maintained well. Food is very good with varieties in breakfast as well as dinner. Helpful staff and quickly enabled our requests. Overall it's got hotel to stay
Misty_Mountain : 78 : Excellent service : Service of the staff is outstanding. Hygiene is maintained. Food quality is good. Therw is no ac. Overall it was a nice experience. Worth the price.
Misty_Mountain : 79 : Excellent Stay : Break fast good. Rest all food for room service not so great
Misty_Mountain : 80 : Good : Good ambiance. Room also good. Bathroom little bit small. Service also good.
Misty_Mountain : 81 : Excellent location Excellent breakfast Excellent view from front rooms Toilets were stinking. Smell was not going even if exhaust was on : Excellent location Excellent breakfast Excellent view from front rooms Toilets were stinking. Smell was not going even if exhaust was on
Misty_Mountain : 82 : Review : 1. Dental and shaving kits have to be asked for. 2. Chaos in service of dinner on all nights. Poorly organized, more guests than the resort could handle.
Misty_Mountain : 83 : Best in Munnar : We stay for two days. Everything was good, specially staff behavior was too good. Perfect hotel to stay in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 84 : Good stay : Hotel location is too good. I really like the view from the hotel. Hotel staff and room service are good, but need to improve restaurant service. Food quality is good but service is not good as expected. We have to wait too long for water and sugar bags.
Misty_Mountain : 85 : Nice hotel : Nice and everything was nice including room service
Misty_Mountain : 86 : Service and food : Service is good. Food is costly.
Misty_Mountain : 87 : Excellent hotel : Very nice place, everybody should stay at this hotel if come to Kerala.
Misty_Mountain : 88 : Awesome view and nice hotel : If you want breath taking view from your hotel window then this hotel is the right choice. Services are good and overall it's a nice stay.
Misty_Mountain : 89 : Nice Valley view : Good hotel. Good food and room.
Misty_Mountain : 90 : Top of clouds and valleys : Excellent Valley view deluxe room. 180 degree till the eyes and see and behold breathtaking views of hills valleys village clouds and fog and tea gardens. It was infinity of nature view the best you can think of. Breakfast and dinner was good. Deserts too. Very fresh and variety of bread from their bakery, excellent salats and vegetarian food. Very cleans rooms. Lift was transparent and gave a feel of climbing the valley. Small surprise garden on terrace was like a treasure hunt discovery. Campfire free for guests was a very warm and thoughtful gesture at a cold place. One night room service food was very tasty and prompt. Buffets were also very good. Welcome drink and front office Krishna Das and Jenny All were very smiling and welcoming. Incharge Mr. Joby was very personally attentive to all requirements, amazing customer service at restaurant. Housekeeping was excellent. Just endless praises. keep it up.
Misty_Mountain : 91 : Excellent Stay : Room service was good, excellent buffet dinner and breakfast. Beautiful valley view from the room. Kids play area was cherry on the cake. Although room was small but neat, clean and up to the mark. Staff was courteous and on their toes. I suggest to book this place tension free.
Misty_Mountain : 92 : Short journey : Hi, misty mountain resort is very nice hotel, with all amenities, must visit once in a lifetime.
Misty_Mountain : 93 : Hotel locations : Locations of the hotel is ultimate and food is too good and even staff is cooperative
Misty_Mountain : 94 : Disappointed : Dirty bed sheet, allotted room location not as per expectation after room change request, poor response from reception. My time and money wasted.
Misty_Mountain : 95 : Overall good experience : Hotel location is very nice, we can see sun rise and sun set from hotel top, rooms are very clean, food quality is also a good, hotel service is good. Actually our car tyre got punctured which we haven't seen in the night, morning they only informed us and replaced the tyre.
Misty_Mountain : 96 : Our stay : The hotel is good. Has very nice views. A big far away from City. Be aware that this hotel does not take payment by cards, they take cash only, or Google pay.
Misty_Mountain : 97 : Good Stay : The location is the best thing about this hotel, opt for the valley view as it is worth it. You'll get a panoramic view of the town. The connectivity to the town is great as well as there is a rickshaws stand near the hotel and a bus stop as well. The staff is really friendly as well.
Misty_Mountain : 98 : Excellent Stay : Reception- good. Excellent- facilities.
Misty_Mountain : 99 : Excellent Stay : Very pleasant stay with wonderful staff. The rooms were spacious and clean. The view was amazing with lots of fun activities for kids.
Misty_Mountain : 100 : Excellent : Amazing view from hotel. One of the best hotel to stay in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 101 : Valley view building : Top floor fire camp, secret garden, excellent spa experience, gym and yummy foods, wow.
Misty_Mountain : 102 : Misty Mountain : Superb view with excellent food. Great service and kids friendly.
Misty_Mountain : 103 : Location of the hotel is very good. Staffs are very supportive and caring. Service was very good. Food quality was also good. : Overall stay at the hotel was very good.
Misty_Mountain : 104 : Views, hospitality and overall experience was all very good : Location of the hotel, trek, fun activities make it real value for money experience
Misty_Mountain : 105 : Worth for money : Room service was good, amenities provided to us was good and pleasant.
Misty_Mountain : 106 : Memorable trip : It's very nice stay at Misty Mountain Resort. Everything was excellent food. Room. Camp fire. Trekking. All staff. If u want to stay near nature n See all the beauty stay only at Misty Mountain
Misty_Mountain : 107 : Very nice stay : Perfect hotel with perfect restaurant for your stay with family. I have booked 3 rooms. Very nice view from the Valley view rooms. Really awesome variety, taste of breakfast and dinner. We had very comfortable stay at Misty Mountain Resort. Location is very prime.
Misty_Mountain : 108 : Awesome stay : Nice rooms. Awesome view from the room itself. Complementary foot message is also nice surprise. Restaurant/food is also good. Big spacious rooms. Only cons is bathroom is little bit on the smaller size.
Misty_Mountain : 109 : Forest trekking was excellent : Good hotel for family and friends.
Misty_Mountain : 110 : Excellent : Excellent view of Munnar. Very close to Munnar Town. Best for families as well as couples. Food is also nice. Rates are affordable.
Misty_Mountain : 111 : Wonderful hotel to stay in Munnar : Best hotel in Munnar with good buffet spreads, location, service and unimaginable roof top garden and Valley view.
Misty_Mountain : 112 : Nice and hassle free stay : Location is peaceful, not in City centre. Located easily from highway Food is good and service is prompt. Overall a good stay for couple of days. Rooms are bit smaller though
Misty_Mountain : 113 : Good hotel : On the way to Munnar. Very nice location
Misty_Mountain : 114 : Location and stay was excellent : Icing on the cap was secret garden well maintained and nicely managed
Misty_Mountain : 115 : Food : Break fast is very good quality and dinner excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 116 : Value for money : Good hotel, friendly staff, good restaurants, great breakfast, great location, nice view, wonderful secret garden.
Misty_Mountain : 117 : Excellent Stay : Friendly efficient staff. Great views from the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 118 : Excellent hotel with homely service : A very cool 3 star hotel but above most Munnar hotels. Very friendly staff from security to reception desk to restaurant boy all deliver exceptional service with a smile. Located strategically at view point, close to jeep safari booking and between anachal and mattupetty. Facilities can be made better. No swimming pool is a drawback. Will surely recommend to my friends and family.
Misty_Mountain : 119 : Very good location. Perfect view from our room : We went to Munnar on family vacation for 2 nights.
Misty_Mountain : 120 : Best location but food is bad : Best location in Munnar, fogs coming continuously. Scenic place front and back. No playing area for children's. Ala carte food is bad, they cannot serve authentic Keralite food. Quantity is bad, room is small, bathroom is slippery, no proper arrangement to keep it dry. Serving staff is less. If you want to enjoy weather this is best hotel at best price.
Misty_Mountain : 121 : A very good experience : If you are visiting Munnar, Misty Mountain is one of the best place to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 122 : Best stay : It was my second stay here and it best one. Thanks
Misty_Mountain : 123 : Nice : Very nice hotel, the staff was very good, the food was great, overall all things good.
Misty_Mountain : 124 : Nice : Good morning everyone product much better location was nice food was nice.
Misty_Mountain : 125 : Awesome views from the balcony of room : Hotel is at very high point of Munnar. During late night, clouds come over the hotel. We feel it like a heaven. Breakfast have many varieties and very tasty. Overall experience with hotel staff was excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 126 : Location is good : Good no complains. Location is very easy to find with a great view but always go for valley view room apart from that rooms are suffocating.
Misty_Mountain : 127 : Great experience : Very good and feel good the location was so nice, good attention from all personnel's in the hotel and the food was good
Misty_Mountain : 128 : Review : Hotel is located in good valley view location.
Misty_Mountain : 129 : Great location : Location of the hotel is great. I took Valley facing room. From my room window the entire Valley can be viewed.
Misty_Mountain : 130 : Hotel with excellent views of the Valley : The rooms provide good view of the Valley. Prompt service, well kept rooms and decent food
Misty_Mountain : 131 : Best location and helping staff : Location is the best, very helpful staff. Room are normal. Food is good. There is no ac but is not needed.
Misty_Mountain : 132 : Excellent Stay : Our stay at the hotel was excellent in terms of room, meal and amenities. The hotel runs a buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner which is excellent. The kids playing zone was manageable. The only negative point was the linen. The linen provided could have been much cleaner.
Misty_Mountain : 133 : Excellent location : Amazing view, nice food, nice hospitality
Misty_Mountain : 134 :  : It was a great experience. The food is awesome. If you go to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 135 : Good Stay : We had a pleasant stay at the hotel. The staff were courteous and helpful. Children liked the stay in the hotel. Overall happy experience staying at the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 136 : Excellent stay : Value for money but little bit distance from main area, food is great, room service is great and location is great, rooms are clean and neat, they offer trekking in their garden, great experience, which is complementary also campfire, hotel have kids play area, game room, everything is excellent, will definitely come and stay if I come Munnar, worthy stay.
Misty_Mountain : 137 : Very good location for sight seeing : Rest of the facilities are average
Misty_Mountain : 138 : Excellent stay : By far one of the best location in Munnar, it has awesome view from the room, courteous staffs, well behaved reception and many more. Just book and enjoy your vacation.
Misty_Mountain : 139 : Excellent Stay : Food is excellent. Service and facilities are good
Misty_Mountain : 140 : Excellent Stay : View from hotel room to outside is excellent
Misty_Mountain : 141 : Excellent Stay : Super location, activities like camp fire is excellent and nice garden on 6th floor.
Misty_Mountain : 142 : Hotel property and food : Hotel property is very nice. Regarding food you need to wait for some time to get good food. You need to keep patience. Don't hurry. Staff is nice and supportive
Misty_Mountain : 143 : Average Stay : Not value for money. It needs lot of improvements. Just because it has view guests comfort should not be compromised.
Misty_Mountain : 144 : Excellent : Room is neat and clean, food is average with varieties of North and South Indian dishes.
Misty_Mountain : 145 : Nice and beautiful stay : Main attraction of this hotel is the view of the Valley from the room. View is fantastic and hotel is on main Road only. Rooms are ok. Food is average
Misty_Mountain : 146 : Best Resort with good food : Had a pleasant and memorable stay
Misty_Mountain : 147 : Good hotel, best location than other resort : Hotel are best in location in all other Munnar. But little outside. Viewpoint from hotel awesome, best hotel at all.
Misty_Mountain : 148 : Excellent view : View from the Resort is excellent, staff is very polite and helpful, overall satisfied with my stay
Misty_Mountain : 149 : Nice and comfortable stay : Misty Mountain Resort is good option to stay while going to Munnar. It's approx 8 km after Munnar if you are coming from Theny Side. So no congestion near hotel. Food is also good. Hotel staff is helpful. Lift speed is very very slow. I stayed in valley view room. We can see tea gardens from window. They have a small garden on top floor named hidden garden.
Misty_Mountain : 150 : Excellent Stay : Very nice stay, friendly and helpful staff, perfect location
Misty_Mountain : 151 : One of the best stays at hill station : Everything is perfect from view to location to staff, services and activities. The best part is the secret garden. I fell in love with it.
Misty_Mountain : 152 : We had an amazing trip in Munnar thanks to Misty mountain hotel for their father hospitality and services rendered to us.recommended hotel to all my friends who are wanted to visit Munnar, worth for money : Good stay and the location of the hotel is the best in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 153 : Awesome stay! : Location is so perfect! Best in Munnar! Quality and variety of food items in breakfast buffet! Room service is up-to the mark! A must visit Resort if you visit Munnar! Tree king was a great part too!
Misty_Mountain : 154 : Nice Resort at Munnar : I have stayed with my family. Really good. I booked standard room but hotel people has given suite room which is really good. One living room and one bedroom. My children's are happy to play their play area at 5th floor. Overall, good resort in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 155 : Good location, average plus hotel : Location and service were good. Not much space as built on high altitude. Overall good experience but felt more costly. Needed to pay extra for Valley view rooms even in off season. I hate that and I wouldn't go there again.
Misty_Mountain : 156 : Memorable stay at Misty Mountain : Our stay for two nights was awesome because of the excellent view from the hotel. We really liked the ambiance and location of the hotel. The food quality was also good with lots of varieties. The manager and hotel reception was really welcoming.
Misty_Mountain : 157 : Not a 4 star property. : The thing which I liked in this hotel was location. Beautiful location. Rest all are terrible. I am not sure how this is a 4 star property. Reception needs to be trained. Water was filled in the bathroom in the morning. Water was leaking from roof. Maintenance took time to come and fix it breakfast area stinking. Not many option available. Those in the menu are also not available. Have to wait for 10-15 min for the item to be available. Didn't even bother to clean the room. Children play area is available but dirty and stinky. Broken TT table.
Misty_Mountain : 158 : Good hotel, worth the money : The location is awesome with a spectacular view from the restaurant. The staff is helpful and courteous. Rooms are clean, though a little small in size. You would definitely need your own car to move around as the sightseeing locations are far away.
Misty_Mountain : 159 : Review : Location and services are good food is good. Morning sunrise very glorious to see the view, don't miss that and so set also.
Misty_Mountain : 160 : Charged extra Rs 1800 : They asked us to pay extra for my kids aged 8 years and 9 years. But we already added them while booking through you. Why is that happen? Thanks
Misty_Mountain : 161 : Wonderful : It was pleasant stay and wonderful view from hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 162 : On top of Munnar : Staying here seems like staying at top of Munnar, and relax. Every activity available here, spa, kathakali, the folk dance, and folk fight, within vicinity secret top garden at terrace and further top tracking. Full paisa wasool. And food excellent buffet and ala carte. If you want to remain in budget then you can done ala carte, don't know near by place to eat may be it is available at kathakali centre.
Misty_Mountain : 163 : Awesome stay. : The property was located in a very good place. Scenic view from the valley view deluxe room. Worth paying. Only thing which they can improve is campfire. Which can be more organized.
Misty_Mountain : 164 : Priceless moments : Had a Worth full experience and your service are very nice and especially your foods are very great. Kindly maintain this ever.
Misty_Mountain : 165 : Delightful stay : The location of the hotel is excellent. We can very well experience nature's beauty from here as it is away from main City crowd. For eating outside hotel u should have a vehicle. Staffs are good. Also secret garden and play house area is nice.
Misty_Mountain : 166 : Good experience : Nice Resort to stay in a budget friendly manner
Misty_Mountain : 167 : Misty Mountain : Nice property, wonderful location. Spa is big farce. Food quality is just average. Staff, except the manager, have a big scope of better training in hospitality.
Misty_Mountain : 168 : Excellent hotel location : I and my wife enjoyed the stay in the hotel. The room services was good and the staff is more friendly. Food was excellent in dinner buffet and breakfast. Thanks.
Misty_Mountain : 169 : Just awesome. Go for it : Best hotel in. Munnar. Best location. Best food. Best service. I Am fully satisfied with my stay and all was simply awesome. Go for it. No second thoughts
Misty_Mountain : 170 : Pleasant stay : Stay at Munnar enjoyed the fabulous weather. Hotel is located very close to tea gardens, spice gardens and on the way to Munnar. Munnar town is approx 20 mins bus ride from the hotel. The best thing is you have good travel options nearby like bus stop, safari autos, etc.
Misty_Mountain : 171 : Great stay here : The location is absolutely amazing. Just next to real Misty mountains. The view is stunning. Food quality and variety is very good Staff is polite and helped during our stay here
Misty_Mountain : 172 : Right place to stay : A good resort for everyone.
Misty_Mountain : 173 : Pleasant stay : The staff were very courteous. The location is excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 174 : Okay for the price : Best staff hospitality, restaurant food prices were really high. Complementary breakfast has limited variety. Bathroom floors are too slippery watch out for that. Rooms were perfect. But still using old lock and Key mechanics. Overall Worth the money stay.
Misty_Mountain : 175 : Excellent stay : I travelled with family and stayed here for one night. The reception was good and the staffs were friendly.
Misty_Mountain : 176 : Overall good : Nice location good food average cost of food.
Misty_Mountain : 177 : Good location : Food was good, nearby attractions hydel park, Pothenmedu viewpoint.
Misty_Mountain : 178 : Best place to experience mist in Munnar : Great location. Beautiful view of the Misty valleys and mountains from the room. Friendly staff and good breakfast. Overall great value for money
Misty_Mountain : 179 : Excellent Stay : Nice place with garden and view point
Misty_Mountain : 180 : Epic and excellent : Everything was very good and satisfied. And just make us felt like Wowww.
Misty_Mountain : 181 : I think best hotel in Munnar : Nice place to stay and eat. Also, they have own top floor garden, campfire, and trekking which super also. Don't Miss this Resort if you coming to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 182 : Good Stay : Nice location. Staff service very good
Misty_Mountain : 183 : Excellent Stay : Excellent location, great food and will never forgot the trip
Misty_Mountain : 184 : Worth a stay : Best hotel to stay, to enjoy the beauty of Munnar Hills. Firstly I am impressed with the service they offer to customer, they had lend their hands for many obstacles which was not even their routine. Secondly excellent room ambience and view third, great food quality and taste. Only thing is, little variety for dinner alone. I will highly recommend this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 185 : Awesome location : Location of the hotel is awesome. Rooms are neat and clean. Vally view from the room is ultimate. Food quality is also good. Easily reachable. Overall it was a nice stay.
Misty_Mountain : 186 : Excellent Stay : Friendly and helpful staff with smile on their face
Misty_Mountain : 187 : Misty stay : Location was awesome just between tea gardens. Food and service was good
Misty_Mountain : 188 : Terrible Stay : Waste of money, staff cheats by adding unwanted items in the food menu.
Misty_Mountain : 189 : Hotel with great view : Stay was very great. Great view from window. Rooms were neat and clean. Bathroom was only one thing which I didn't liked. Terrace garden was awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 190 : Excellent Resort : Nice view rooms, excellent Resort great service spacious rooms great staff great breakfast nice room service great facilities
Misty_Mountain : 191 : Excellent Stay : This Resort makes your holiday unforgettable. A must stay
Misty_Mountain : 192 : Excellent hotel : Visited with family excellent service, food, rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 193 : Wonderful and memorable : Awesome location. Nice behavior. Wonderful staff. 10/10.
Misty_Mountain : 194 : Bad management. : I have visited there on 10th Aug, no warm welcome. just they have checked in and ask me to visit my room. Room service was very poor I have requested for water in the evening and they served me in the morning when I have reminded them many times. Basic facilities are not provided like no tissue paper, no dental kit, there is a TV set up but no channel guide book, wifi information was not shared. Also, they ask me to shift in another room on 2nd day which was very shameful but I didn't argue with them because I was visited there to enjoy my time not to fight. 2nd room location was very noisy some irritating sounds are coming from the upper floor. 2nd-day same thing repeated. I thought to give 1 star but due to some members good behaviour I give them an average mark 3 star. Reception guy is very neutral even at the time of checkout they give me a bill and ask to pay no wishes any prays. Very bad. Food quality was also average even you can find good quality food at street Dhaba as compare to misty mountains restaurants.
Misty_Mountain : 195 : Excellent Stay : Very pleasant stay. Staffs behavior was very nice. Superb food. 100 marks to the restaurant guys.
Misty_Mountain : 196 : Awesomest experience. : I wanted to select all the options for the menu as the food was really awesome. Room is so clean and everything was just perfect as it has to be. We had indoor games where kids loved it the most. Karaoke was great even. I had American chop suey which took my heart back to my childhood days when my dad used to cook the same way. Really mesmerizing.
Misty_Mountain : 197 : Excellent hotel supportive staff : It was a great experience even though Munnar was closed and was on high alert. They initially gave us a room upgrade to Valley view room. Then the hotel manager Jeby james helped us out in our cancellations and bookings. The staff was very humble and supportive. The food is good and quite reasonable. The views from the room are exquisite. Must stay place in Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 198 : Good Stay : Wonderful views from room. They gave me 30 min early check in. Staffs were very good. Food was good. Overall good stay.
Misty_Mountain : 199 : Excellent Stay : Well maintained facility, great location, on the way to Munnar from Cochin (you can get down directly at hotel if travelling by bus)
Misty_Mountain : 200 : Nice atmosphere for family : Nice atmosphere for family. For kids separate play area. For adults nice gym. For whole family games like carom, table tennis, karaoke, chess etc.
Misty_Mountain : 201 : Very relaxing : It was a wonderful say at the property with wonderful view and staff. Food was good and the sap service too.
Misty_Mountain : 202 : Good experience : Attraction was the view and the spa.
Misty_Mountain : 203 : Hospitality at best : It was a very pleasant stay. Loved the early morning trek. Great staff.
Misty_Mountain : 204 : Misty Mountain. : Nice location at the top of hill. Very good breakfast. Great activities. Overall it was very good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 205 : Best hotel in Munnar : Best hotel for family stay. Best service and staff. View from top floor is amazing
Misty_Mountain : 206 : Good Stay : It was good, food is average, location is very nice
Misty_Mountain : 207 : Superb : Resort was superb, nice resort and excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 208 : Excellent : Great stay. Staff kind and friendly. Near tea estates. Good view and on main Road.
Misty_Mountain : 209 : Excellent : Very good service neat and clean hotel Staff behavior is too good
Misty_Mountain : 210 : Very pleasant stay and beautiful misty view. : Very beautiful roof garden and forest land view.
Misty_Mountain : 211 : Very nice : Nice ambiance and view from the hotel fantastic. Breakfast was delicious. Totally we are happy with stay. Sure next time also I will prefer same hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 212 : Good hotel : Very good location, clean rooms
Misty_Mountain : 213 : Best stay. : We had a great stay at Misty Mountain. Check-in and check-out were prompt and room was so good with Valley view. Above all, the food quality was the best. Nice tasty food.
Misty_Mountain : 214 : A good time with family : This was the first hotel that popped up on our search and after staying I feel there was a reason for it. Very friendly staff at the hotel and the good room we were provided really made our stay comfy. We were even given upgraded rooms complementary. Really happy with the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 215 : Good Stay : It was a good stay at the hotel. However the service has scope of improvement.
Misty_Mountain : 216 : Superb hotel : Everything is fine, location and view is excellent
Misty_Mountain : 217 : Excellent view : Nice to stay here. Great experience.
Misty_Mountain : 218 : Good hotel : Swimming pool nahi hai. We expected ki hain.
Misty_Mountain : 219 : Quite a pleasant stay : The good-looking hotel provides with just the space u need in a room with clean and proper supplies of u call room service, housekeeping, etc
Misty_Mountain : 220 : Excellent Stay : The location of the hotel is good. The view from the room is amazing. Good staffs, good service, good food.
Misty_Mountain : 221 : Good place to stay : This is my second trip to Munnar, as this hotel's excellent service I choose second time as well. This time as well they treat us pleasant and overall the service was outstanding. Will choose Misty Mountain again.
Misty_Mountain : 222 : Excellent Stay : Good stay. Excellent hotel. I have booked standard room but they have upgraded to Valley view room at no extra cost. Food is good but costly. Buffet breakfast and dinner is good. Secret garden, gym, spa, trekking, campfire etc, is available. It is one of the best hotel to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 223 : Not happy : It's is just a hotel. It's not a resort. I stayed for 1 night. The room is very very small. Frequent power cuts. Poor lighting system in the room. I requested to cancel the night dinner. The dinner table was very very small in size. Cheap candles were used for the service. Overall not happy. It's not a resort so if you are looking for a resort for your good holiday, don't go to this place. 1/5 star from my Side.
Misty_Mountain : 224 : Location is so beautiful, all food very nice, service staff very good : Location is beautiful and hotel staff and food nice
Misty_Mountain : 225 : Perfect stay : Beautiful breathtaking view of tea plantations and Misty mountains, friendly staff, great food and prompt service. A perfect vacation stay for anyone visiting Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 226 : Good stay : Veiw from the rooms are really great. Scenic beauty at its best. You need to take rooms facing Hills
Misty_Mountain : 227 : Great view awesome stay : Very beautiful property, it's little away from Munnar town but indeed at one of the best location, staff hospitality is amazing, everyone is friendly and always available to help. My only spot where I would stay anytime I come to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 228 : Very nice location n good behaviour from staff : Overall a great hotel to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 229 : Was awesome holiday : The hotel is situated in great place. Loved that secret garden. Highly recommend
Misty_Mountain : 230 : Good : Good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 231 : Awesome stay : Awesome stay and great hospitality
Misty_Mountain : 232 : Excellent Stay : Spend an excellent stay Misty Mountain awesome view and hospitality. Love it
Misty_Mountain : 233 : Excellent Stay : Hotel is located, valley view from the room, full view.
Misty_Mountain : 234 : Misty Mountain Resort : I felt that the attitude of the reception was far too cold. The food was really good and the restaurant staff were great. When you visit a place, you would at least expect the front staff to smile and make the stay pleasant with their behavior and accommodative nature. They offer a complementary trekking service in the morning. Even when I was politely enquiring about the same, they were reluctant to inform any details regarding the service. As mentioned in the brochure, we got ready for the trekking in the morning. When we reached reception, they informed us that it is cancelled. They didn't even had the courtesy to inform us early. The three stars would be for the valley view room (which you have to pay extra), basic amenities and for the food. (between, the Valley view rooms doesn't have balcony. You would have to enjoy the view from window).
Misty_Mountain : 235 : Excellent Stay : Hi it was a comfortable stay. Garden on the rooftop was
Misty_Mountain : 236 : Excellent Stay : Awesome location. Nice view. Clouds are passing everytime, making the tea garden view awesome. Even if you want to travel by local bus. There is bus stop at hotel. So u can easily avail Kelera bus ride.
Misty_Mountain : 237 : Excellent Stay : Good perfect location Mount view good location in Munnar breakfast is so good dinner is not good I m not satisfied dinner all over good experience and many many activities hotel provide Worth money I recommend it.
Misty_Mountain : 238 : Sweet cloud : Overall good experience with your hotel and staff. Special view was great from the your hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 239 : Excellent : I stayed at Misty Mountain Resort at Munnar. Location was very good, food was good and the staff were well behaved.
Misty_Mountain : 240 : Good staff and nice stay : The stay was nice The staff was good and service was good
Misty_Mountain : 241 : Good hotel at best location : Location of hotel is very good, view from valley view room is beautiful. We booked standard room but hotel upgrade us to valley view room without extra cost. Breakfast is good but I don't like dinner. Worst malai kofta I ever eat. Overall good hotel in this price.
Misty_Mountain : 242 : Location is very deep to Munnar : Staff is good. Location is very deep to Munnar City Must visit.
Misty_Mountain : 243 : Go for the hotel but not their transportation : The services, food everything was so good. Also it's at a nice place. The view from the hotel was awesome. They provided free campfire, trekking, feet spa. Everything was awesome. The transport service is also good. But better to go directly through any travel agency. They say they provide transportation but actually they also contact outside travel agency and take commission from it that they charged extra from us.
Misty_Mountain : 244 : Misty mountains stay : Food is not that good. Even though, breakfast is very good, but hotel should concentrate on food for lunch and dinner, provide good quality in food. All lights are in yellow bulb. At least entrance of door, white bulb must be used.
Misty_Mountain : 245 : Terrible Stay : No service at all. We paid for 2 days room was not cleaned. Moreover, they shouted at us. We booked seeing good reviews. Such service not expected. Very disappointed.
Misty_Mountain : 246 : Good staff, amazing food but there is literally no wifi, play area can be better : Good staff and amazing food. Wifi is zero strength and the kids play area is a bust
Misty_Mountain : 247 : Gursevak0078 : Excellent location of valley view. Rooms not far away from the town yet closer to nature. Must stay for a family.
Misty_Mountain : 248 : Great stay : Location and service was great but they really need to work on food standards and should come up with more options. Service guys were awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 249 : Very nice location, service and co operative staff : Worth to stay. Wish to visit again.
Misty_Mountain : 250 : Awesome view : A very good hotel Nice and comfortable stay Awesome view from Valley view room and terrace Fun activities and all facilities at the Resort itself Secret garden at terrace Overall a very good and comfortable stay
Misty_Mountain : 251 : Pleasant stay : Good location for stay. Valley view window natural view very pleasant to stay
Misty_Mountain : 252 : Good Stay : Nice Resort value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 253 : Excellent Stay : Wonderful location, wonderful Valley view rooms, wonderful service and above all awesome food. The Resort mg mt was kind enough to upgrade us to Valley view deluxe rooms and that was a great start to our holiday. The chief chef Mr. Shinil is an extremely friendly, smiling and talented personality. He not only served a great breakfast spread but also served mouth watering fish preparations both on menu as well as local fish recipes. The terrace camp fire and the early morning hike was something to look forward to. All in all a much recommended place for the family. Wish to upload photos. Will See where I can do that.
Misty_Mountain : 254 : Good Stay : View is good from the hotel. No sightseeing spots are close-by. Munnar Town is 8 kms from the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 255 : Valley view and garden : Amazing secret garden and Valley view from the roof top and rooms
Misty_Mountain : 256 : Excellent Stay : Good stay good location nice staff
Misty_Mountain : 257 : Awesome experience : Rooms with Valley view are just wow experience.
Misty_Mountain : 258 : Good Stay : Super location, Valley view, food quality awesome
Misty_Mountain : 259 : Rooms could be brighten : Rooms could be brighten. Feels dull if it is not Mountain facing.
Misty_Mountain : 260 : Good Stay : Nice location, nice view from hotel and good activities inside the hotel
Misty_Mountain : 261 : Food : Food was excellent. Please update play area for kids.
Misty_Mountain : 262 : Excellent : Best hotel in Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 263 : Nice hotel with Valley view : Nice hotel with Valley view rooms, complimentary breakfast was good
Misty_Mountain : 264 : Pleasant stay : It was a pleasant stay. Food was good.
Misty_Mountain : 265 : Good : Good view from valley view room but no balcony in any room. All other part is normal. All staffs are helpful.
Misty_Mountain : 266 : Garden view hotel : Location of the hotel is good if you are in Munnar to enjoy the tea garden view. However if you really want to enjoy hill Station climate not relish the mountains go for higher altitude hotels in the Pothamedu area.
Misty_Mountain : 267 : Good Stay : Rooms are average. Staff is good. I wish breakfast meal variety to be more. Over all value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 268 : Excellent Stay : Hotel situated between the mountains, you love the tea state view from balcony. Also there is secret garden you love to take your pictures there. Overall good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 269 : Bad service : Very bad service I will not recommend.
Misty_Mountain : 270 : Gud stay : Excellent ambiance, nature Around hotel. Beautiful scenic natural view.
Misty_Mountain : 271 : Average Stay : Room is maintained cleanly, but not value for food no taste expected and staff is not friendly and not helpful.
Misty_Mountain : 272 : Great getaway : Great place to stay and get away from the hustle of the City. Prime location and great staff service. Humble, polite and prompt service.
Misty_Mountain : 273 : Bathroom needs upgraded : Bathroom needs a huge improvement it's really cramp. And the facilities are really poor for the cost.
Misty_Mountain : 274 : Just excellent : Excellent location, staff, ambiance and food. Lot of activities like tracking, spa, camp fire etc. The hotels is at Pallivasal view point. Excellent view from room and rooftop. If you are visiting Munnar just go for it.
Misty_Mountain : 275 : 2 nights at Misty Mountain : Rooms and other services are good. It is having two restaurants, the buffet is OK but another restaurant is bad in taste.
Misty_Mountain : 276 : Beautiful location with amazing view : The property is a little off Town but then it's the charm of it. Our room overlooked the Valley below with vast stretches of tea gardens. The hotel has it's own Ayurvedic spa, gym, rooftop garden, and jungle tracking can be done into the nearby forest from the rooftop garden. The staff members were courteous and ever helpful. Food was good. Though some may find it a little pricey but Worth the money. Loved our stay. We will visit again for sure.
Misty_Mountain : 277 : Wonderful experience, dinner buffet price to be reduced : Nice stay. Nice mountain view. But atmospheric temperature has increased in Munnar. Chillness not like 10 years before.
Misty_Mountain : 278 : Good for family : Good view. Comply. Breakfast was really good. Camp fire trekking were quite good. Clean rooms. Good service.
Misty_Mountain : 279 : Excellent stay : We stayed for couple of nights with my family, great gesture by hotel staffs, only thing is the bed is not quite fit for two kids, but it has excellent entertainment in the hotel premises itself. Overall experience it's great hotel if you are travelling with kids
Misty_Mountain : 280 : Awesome location : Total weight age of the property goes to the location. Room size is very small. Maintenance and cleanliness need to improve a lot.
Misty_Mountain : 281 : Food and serving staff needs to be improved : During our check-in, I asked if an upgrading of the room is possible but the reply was negative from the reception. I had found that stones were there in the paneer paratha served and escalated to the serving staff yet had to eat the same as he didn't seem to care but just said he will inform them. During breakfast, bath ras and parathas weren't filled on time and the response was slow from the staff despite several requests. Further, the room cleaning was not done during the first two days despite the requests. When two tea bags were asked the staff will bring a pack of 10. A night's sleep was terribly disturbed by Beedi smoking smell that came from the toilet. Overall disappointed!
Misty_Mountain : 282 : Waste of money : It's not that Worth for wat we are paying
Misty_Mountain : 283 : Great stay : Location is great. View from Valley view room is awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 284 : Poor Stay : Not good to stay. Does not have ac rooms. Window does not have mosquito net.
Misty_Mountain : 285 : Average Stay : No ac in any room. High humidity in room
Misty_Mountain : 286 : Hotel : Its excellent hotel location view point every thing was good. We enjoyed a lot.
Misty_Mountain : 287 : Good stay : Good location, valuable stay, value of money and amazing Valley view rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 288 : Misty Mountain : I simply enjoyed the stay and it was excellent positioned for my points of interest. I had a wonderful time here! I enjoyed it very much! Thanks for the beautiful memories Food was excellent and prompt service when ever asked for Secret garden on terrace is really wonderful creation. Appreciate management for all the effort being taken to maintain it in such thing good shape I strongly recommend Misty Mountain Resort for stay in Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 289 : 2 days stay : It was nice experience. Hotel and their staff is nice. It's clean and service is also nice.
Misty_Mountain : 290 : Review of stay at Munnar : Decent place and is location is great. Good room service.
Misty_Mountain : 291 : Over all ok : All are non ac and high humidity in room. Food is. Good. Room service is ok. Hospitality is ok
Misty_Mountain : 292 : 3 nights at Misty Mountain Resort : Just the location of this hotel is awesome. We had booked a Valley view room and in my opinion it is a value for money option.
Misty_Mountain : 293 : Average Stay : Location is good, staff behaviour is not good, room services are not good
Misty_Mountain : 294 : Good location : Best activity for kids. Good food and services
Misty_Mountain : 295 : Good and service can improve : Good location. The only con is team can improve the service quality when the hotel is crowded because everybody is paid huge amount in the summer season specially the restaurant team should learn lot.
Misty_Mountain : 296 : Good : Good stay at the hotel. Food can be improved.
Misty_Mountain : 297 : Good Stay : Excellent experience and staff cooperation was extremely helpful
Misty_Mountain : 298 : Excellent stay : Excellent stay. View from hotel is fantastic
Misty_Mountain : 299 : Romantic holidays : The hotel is perfectly located on the Valley with great views of the Valley. Excellent room quality and amenities. Very much suitable for honeymoon and romantic holiday.
Misty_Mountain : 300 : Terrible Stay : Average room, not clean. Poor services. No swimming pool. Food not that great. Not value for money. Tv does not function, no ac. Power cut off every half hour. Takes time for backup power. No proper toilet kit.
Misty_Mountain : 301 : Misty Mountain good property in Munnar : Misty Mountain property is the same way as the name suggests. It's situated on the Mountain peak with team plantation view and fogs decent to the hotel in morning hours. Location is excellent, rooms are neat and clean. Food is good. Staff is polite. Overall good and satisfactory experience But MMT claims which the hotel doesn't offer. Especially the amenities claims in Valley view room. But overall good and satisfactory experience with Misty Mountain.
Misty_Mountain : 302 : All things are average : Location was really good. Food was not bad. Service was good.
Misty_Mountain : 303 : Nice food n gentle staff : Overall experience is good, hotel staff is very polite n gentle. Food also good so for stay you can choose this one wisely.
Misty_Mountain : 304 : Not happy with all departments of hotel : Had an issue with allotted. Bathroom is tiny and leaking. Water logging in shower area. Room is dirty and not cleaned.
Misty_Mountain : 305 : Good Stay : Resort is at an excellent place with a scenic view. The food service can be improved with faster service. Rest all are very good.
Misty_Mountain : 306 : Excellent stay, but tv had only few channels : Good hotel. Nice staffs. Beautiful garden. Complimentary trekking is their which is very good. But the tv had only few channels. Pay channels were not there Staffs were too good. We have paid some additional amount due to their miscalculations. But they called us on our return journey and told sorry and refunded which was a very good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 307 : Hotel with a mesmerizing view : If a good view from the hotel is your top priority, this hotel provides a view to beat for. Make sure you book a Valley view room. Staff is courteous but service is just above average, they seemed under-staffed when I stayed, but nothing really that affected my stay. Breakfast buffet was good, lunch buffet was slightly overpriced for the quality, better to go for a la carte. There is also a garden on the terrace where you can hang out, if the weathers good. Overall, it's the mesmerizing view of the plantation that this hotel provides, that stays with you, even after checking out
Misty_Mountain : 308 : Misty Mountain : I went for a Munnar and stayed in Misty Mountain Resort very pleasant stay and responsible staff's and only one thing is there is no view standard room so before booking select a Valley view rooms in the hotel. All amenities are very god. Food price little bit high but food is so god.
Misty_Mountain : 309 : Good stay but wont suggest for couples : In short good hospitality but need lots of areas to be improved the most imp is breakfast variety and people who serve there and second cleanliness as we had cockroaches in our bed. And third room service of food. Food taste and quality has to be improved
Misty_Mountain : 310 : Very good : Location is very good. Nice view of tea plantations. Go for Valley view room.
Misty_Mountain : 311 : Terrible Stay : Housekeeping staff who was taking food order was very rude. Breakfast is good. Room is good.
Misty_Mountain : 312 : Excellent : View of hotel is superb and awesome. Hotel service and food also superb.
Misty_Mountain : 313 : Nice stay : Everything was good to stay and enjoyable in Misty and Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 314 : Food was good, stay was good : Food was good, stay was good.
Misty_Mountain : 315 : Good : So good to see and nice place.
Misty_Mountain : 316 : Excellent stay at Misty Mountain : We went as a couple, this was our first trip to Munnar, Misty Mountain was best place, their food, stay, room services, all was superb. They arranged cab for site seeing. Loved everything at Misty Mountain. Thankyou.
Misty_Mountain : 317 : Awesome! : Location is excellent, Hospitality was better, service is good, Facilities was awesome Restaurant (complimentary breakfast (buffet).
Misty_Mountain : 318 : Nice view, well behaved staff, good for family stay : Over all experience is good, I traveled with infant so the hotel management allowed for early check in and delay check out. Nice recommended for family.
Misty_Mountain : 319 : Location was excellent : Food and service was also very good. You can easily spent 3 nights and will return with good memory.
Misty_Mountain : 320 : Good place to stay good food : Great place to stay in Munnar, food was good, staff was helpful, secret garden was awesome. I strongly recommend this place
Misty_Mountain : 321 : Fantastic Valley view rooms : Excellent stay with family, Valley view rooms are awesome, breakfast and dinner are good.
Misty_Mountain : 322 : Nice experience : Good location, good room. Even though toilet was a bit small. Good food
Misty_Mountain : 323 : Good Stay : Good food with a good location
Misty_Mountain : 324 : Good Stay : Very good experience and value for money
Misty_Mountain : 325 : Very nice stay : Very good experience and value for money
Misty_Mountain : 326 : Bad, below average : Standard rooms very bad. Receptionist are unprofessional, cannot even arrange transportation well and on-time. They cannot handle guests when most rooms are booked. Management needs to coach, train there staffs well. Poor services.
Misty_Mountain : 327 : Excellent Stay : Stay was awesome. Buffet breakfast was also very good. Only thing is it is away from Munnar town nearly 7 kms. Except this hotel location and outside view is fantastic. Hotel staffs also very courteous.
Misty_Mountain : 328 : Excellent stay : Very good location. Good response from staff service. Explained about the amenities. Good dinner and breakfast. Value of money.
Misty_Mountain : 329 : Family trip to Kerala : This hotel is top of the hill, u will be feeling great, fantastic with surrounding area, definitely very good to stay, overall food and accommodation excellence
Misty_Mountain : 330 : Family trip to Munnar : Hotel location is good with tea plantation view.
Misty_Mountain : 331 : Excellent Stay : The stay was awesome and the view from the hotel was outstanding. Like to visit again
Misty_Mountain : 332 : Awesome customer service, especially from muthu in charge of restaurant : Misty Mountain gave us a good stay experience with their awesome service, nice room, good location. Highlight is they value customer not money. Would like to visit again in future. Note staff Muthu simply great.
Misty_Mountain : 333 : The property location is very scenic : The secret garden at their terrace and the Mountain view is very beautiful. Good breakfast options. Just 500 meters from the famous folk dance center Kathakali.
Misty_Mountain : 334 : Excellent : Very considerate staff, excellent food, vies and everything amazing.
Misty_Mountain : 335 : Excellent Stay : Excellent, food is very good and normal rate.
Misty_Mountain : 336 : Not Worth the amount paid : The normal rooms are just an ordinary. If you book the rooms with Mountain view it's having a good view but charging too much for that.
Misty_Mountain : 337 : Excellent Stay : Comfortable stay, good location, in front tea garden, back Side a good flower garden, the food is delicious, services are equally good
Misty_Mountain : 338 : Munnar family trip : Awesome place to stay. Nice location. Valley view room was really vim. Good ambiance. Neat and clean Resort. I would refer my friends.
Misty_Mountain : 339 : Excellent Stay : Excellent accommodation and splendid experience over mist of Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 340 : Average Stay : If you are booking based on photo than it may problem, since all rooms don't have good location, standard rooms are too small, no good location, no ventilation, air circulation. It is not Resort its hotel, they have bone fire also, but if some VIP customer comes they will allow us very limited time access, this is too bad we also paid same amount, apart from that they have good garden to hangout and tracking, very helpful staff, good food, rest left on you, if you are looking some good scenery view than it is not preferred.
Misty_Mountain : 341 : Scenic hotel : Had a comfortable stay. Beautiful terrace gardens leading into the plantations. Clean rooms and warm and friendly staff
Misty_Mountain : 342 : Comfortable stay : Nice view from room. 7 KM from Munnar Town. Comfortable average sized rooms. Food in the restaurant was below average. Free morning trekking was good.
Misty_Mountain : 343 : Service : Room service was very fast and food was awesome. There is beautiful garden in the rooftop
Misty_Mountain : 344 : Amazing ambiance : The Resort, although situated about 7 km from Munnar Town, is a must go. The view from the room is scintillating. The staff are professional, polite and helpful. The food is simply awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 345 : Decent hotel : Good hotel with nice hospitality. Location is also good. But food is overpriced.
Misty_Mountain : 346 : Good room. Staff behavior was good. Excellent location near to Munnar. Less traffic as it before Munnar Town. Good breakfast. Overall good experience : Good room. Staff behavior was good. Excellent location near to Munnar. Less traffic as it before Munnar Town. Good breakfast. Overall good experience
Misty_Mountain : 347 : Excellent view and good food : Pros Excellent view of the second mile Valley (Valley view room) Good buffet breakfast Good restaurant for dinner Secret garden Hospitality Cons No balcony
Misty_Mountain : 348 : Terrible Stay : It was not a resorts. It was just a hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 349 : Hotel location is awesome, view from our room was ultimate : Hotel maintenance is very nice and take Valley view room.
Misty_Mountain : 350 : Excellent Stay : Very nice place and location is very good morning. Staff are courteous and food is good.
Misty_Mountain : 351 : Awesome Resort : Excellent Resort with everything perfect. One of our best stay so far.
Misty_Mountain : 352 : Excellent Stay : Very good hotel and nice location on hill and view from hotel is very good
Misty_Mountain : 353 : Awesome hotel : It was a great experience of staying in this hotel. Secret garden was too beautiful. Dinner was tasty but service is little bit time consuming. T. To. Table and toys for children also available. Camp fire was there but time duration is too short. It should be at least up to 1100 Pm. Nice site seen at rooftop. As per my view it's the best hotel in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 354 : Excellent Stay : Very good location, the view is incredible. The rooms were clean and tidy. The service was also very good. The food (breakfast and dinner buffet) was also extremely good. Wifi was not working properly in our rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 355 : Great stay : View from the Valley view room is excellent. Stay, food, spa everything was great. We had memorable stay
Misty_Mountain : 356 : Wonderful place in Munnar : This place was the best part of our visit in Munnar. Very friendly and courteous staff. A very beautiful terrace garden and awesome view of the Valley. Nice spread of various delicacies for the buffet breakfast.
Misty_Mountain : 357 : Excellent Stay : Locality and the service was great
Misty_Mountain : 358 : Excellent Stay : We stayed in Misty Mountain Resort for 3 nights in Valley view room. The Resort is in great location. Nice and co-operative people. Food vegetarian only we tasted was simple but excellent, not very expensive also. Spa is okay. Their secret garden and Mountain trek behind the building is very nice. It's a value for money deal at this Resort.
Misty_Mountain : 359 : Good Stay : Location is good. Room service is worst, no one picks up the phone for room service. Finally called reception to send a guy to change the batteries in TV remote but no one came.
Misty_Mountain : 360 : Great location : The location of the hotel was incredible with tea garden view from our front window, feel like sitting very close to garden, hotel is situated on height compare to nearby hotels which is plus point, our room was upgraded, cleanliness and hygiene, friendly staff, prompt response, I liked the gym facility, value for money, best location among nearby hotels. We enjoyed our stay and would like to recommend it to friends and others Reading the reviews.
Misty_Mountain : 361 : Nice hotel : Location is very good. Staff is good n helping every day they provided good variety of breakfast. We are provided taxi by hotel with nominal rate for sightseeing. We liked camp fire n adventurous roof garden. We would suggest others.
Misty_Mountain : 362 : Very very good location : Located exactly opposite valley, we had very pleasant stay. Staff was polite and helpful. They have very beautiful secret garden and other amenities. Breakfast was wonderful. Enjoyed a lot.
Misty_Mountain : 363 : Excellent Stay : Good hotel, staff are very good.
Misty_Mountain : 364 : Good : It's nice but takes Long time for the delivery of food in room
Misty_Mountain : 365 : Good Stay : Good budgeted stay with mesmerizing views
Misty_Mountain : 366 : Excellent Stay : It was a good stay.
Misty_Mountain : 367 : Excellent Stay : Very sweet and perfect experience. Staff behavior, facilities and everything is perfect.
Misty_Mountain : 368 : Average Stay : Room was excellent with a beautiful view of Valley. Facilities were comfortable in the room. Restaurant food is good but not of good value for the money.
Misty_Mountain : 369 : Amazing service : Awesome Resort with tremendous view. Just go for it. Service is excellent and secret garden trekking and campfire are adding more awesomeness.
Misty_Mountain : 370 : Excellent stay : Taste of food is very good. Behavior of staff is very good
Misty_Mountain : 371 : Excellent Stay : Wonderful stay, polite and non disturbing staff. Hillock and secret garden are too good. Lots of fresh air space and nature unwinding in the hillock on the back. Right place for people loving nature and beauty. Couldn't get time for complimentary trekking, but even a peep into their trekking path was quite relaxing and even my small kids enjoyed the forest behind. Special applause to the aged gardener who is very much dedicated to keep the secret garden neat and beautiful giving it a fantastic look.
Misty_Mountain : 372 : Bed service : Not refer this hotel to any one in my group. Very bad services room services and all once customer paid on checking time so after checkout time they will ask for room bill and all WiFi very bullish management.
Misty_Mountain : 373 : Food quality : Food quality was really good.
Misty_Mountain : 374 : Beauty : Very much beautiful hotel with secret garden
Misty_Mountain : 375 : Good hotel : Hotel is good but spa not up to the mark, they are not professional
Misty_Mountain : 376 : View and hotel was awesome : Clean and beautiful and reasonable.
Misty_Mountain : 377 : Excellent Stay : All is well. Super service. Food cool
Misty_Mountain : 378 : Good Stay : Hotel location is awesome, it has its own site seen point outside entry gate and a flower garden at roof, food is ok and have limited options for vegetarians, room size is small
Misty_Mountain : 379 : Food : Nice place but need more improvement in food otherwise all well good staff place everything
Misty_Mountain : 380 : Amazing experience : We stayed in this hotel during June-2018. My overall experience was exceptional. My whole family enjoyed the experience. Great location, great staff, great service and great amenities.
Misty_Mountain : 381 : Perfect location : Nice view from window. Service and cleanliness was good.
Misty_Mountain : 382 : Excellent Stay : Food and service was very good
Misty_Mountain : 383 : A decent choice : Few minutes before Munnar Town, which means it's not as cold as Munnar, and you're tied up at the hotel once you're back from sight seeing. The hotel location though is a beautiful view point in itself. People come to this place to take pictures. The complimentary breakfast buffet is good. The dinner buffet costs is very much worth it. Do not use the restaurant, it is extremely costly. Rooms are a bit small, but no complaints on the service. Beautiful garden set up behind the hotel. The kids playing area/activity area is a farce. This is an area that must improve, because you have nowhere to go once you're at the hotel, and the kids need to play. Overall a good stay for couples, can be improved to make it better for kids.
Misty_Mountain : 384 : Nice place to stay : Everything is fine and so many facilities available Nice but garden view rooms are not good. Else location is great. Food is awesome. Garden and complementary trekking is awesome. Buffet has so much variety
Misty_Mountain : 385 : Nice place with a wonderful valley view : Booked a valley view room. Wonderful view. Rooms were well maintained. Food was delicious and fresh. Courteous staff. Place appears like more of a hotel than a Resort. Secret garden was fantastic. Maintenance work noise at night 3 AM from above floor hall. Found lizard crawling in room. Else service was fantastic.
Misty_Mountain : 386 : Wonderful stay : One of the sweetest hotel I have ever been. They were kind. Nice view from room. Everything was good and comfortable. One of the best hotel in Munnar. It had a great view. Everything was clean and good. It was a great experience.
Misty_Mountain : 387 : Excellent Stay : Nothing much to write here. Excellent service and I liked the overall ambiance.
Misty_Mountain : 388 : Excellent Stay : Room was fine, facilities was good. Some issue was with tv, no signal was showing whole day. This should be improve.
Misty_Mountain : 389 : Excellent Stay : Too good and the food was tasty n staff were good n supporting
Misty_Mountain : 390 : Excellent Stay : Food was awesome, room service also very good. View was awesome, staff was very friendly, overall stay was very good, I highly recommend to try this hotel in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 391 : Excellent Stay : Vally view room is awesome. Food and service is also good.
Misty_Mountain : 392 : Excellent Stay : Everything is just perfect. Recommended. From location service and all. Everything is just top class from reception. The staffs are very polite. Fantastic rooms. Superb service. Yummy food too. I recommend this resort to all. The view from room is lovely scenic. Nothing more to ask for. All is just perfect.
Misty_Mountain : 393 : Good stay : Nice location, excellent food and service. The staff was very warm and welcoming and the food at the restaurant was excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 394 : Nice location good food proper cleaning : Good location good food proper cleaning of room. We stayed here for 3 nights. And paid 12k for it including GST. This resort was in good location. We can See the Valley from the hotel. Cooperative staff. We got the parking space. But in case of peak season there might be a parking problem. The resort have max 20 parking space for cars.
Misty_Mountain : 395 : Excellent Stay : Location was good, food OK, service verygood, very good staff.
Misty_Mountain : 396 : Terrible Stay : Stayed two days, enjoyed a lot. Good view of the hotel, staff is very friendly, enjoyed the camp fire and food is good, especially complementary breakfast. Had a lovely stay, thanks. Awesome liked the view. Staff was friendly, cleanliness was too good like to recommend others. Thanks for a lovely stay.
Misty_Mountain : 397 : Good Stay : Overall good experience. But some more activities can be added.
Misty_Mountain : 398 : Great location, friendly staff : Hotel is easily accessible. Location needs a special mention as it provides a beautiful panoramic view of the tea estates. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms the spacious and clean.
Misty_Mountain : 399 : Full value for money : Found Misty Mountain Resort, an excellent hotel for family. Amazing location, courteous and humble staff, delicious food and beautiful landscaping inside hotel premises.
Misty_Mountain : 400 : Good Stay : Location of the hotel is good. No view from the room. TV size was also small and also very less channels.
Misty_Mountain : 401 : Misty mountain resort money worth it : Awesome view from the resort, food is good, service is also good.
Misty_Mountain : 402 : Good place but beware of the hidden charges : It was all good, until the hotel tried to force me for their gala dinner. Good, clean place. Beautiful roof garden. Just beware of the hidden charges. We were 5 people in 2 rooms. I wasn't told about the gala dinner while making the booking on MakeMyTrip. While checking in the receptionist told me that it is optional. Then come morning, they changed the stance saying the gala dinner chargeable per person is mandatory as mentioned in the hotel policies, and where it was mentioned is in the fine print where the value was less per person and not more as they claimed. After a lot of back and forth which could've been avoided. They agreed not to force it on us but refused to serve us any food that night. So overall the place is nice but the experience was ruined.
Misty_Mountain : 403 : Poor Stay : Zero hospitality, room service very poor. Reception staff very rude. Don't stay in this hotel. Room view was very poor. Breakfast is also not good. The view of the room was poor, in window you can See the wall, poor view.
Misty_Mountain : 404 : Excellent Stay : Higher floor rooms with a valley view offers great view.
Misty_Mountain : 405 : Well located with valley view : Very good stay. View from the hotel is quite attractive. Nice option of buffet breakfast and dinner. Room service is very good. Bonfire at terrace is very enjoyable at night. Secret garden at terrace is beautiful. View from the room was higher side. Beautiful sunrise can be seen from the hotel. Room service was very good. Very good options in buffet breakfast and dinner. Live counters are adding flavor on these. We had enjoyed the bonfire in the night at terrace. Secret garden at terrace is also beautiful.
Misty_Mountain : 406 : Pleasant stay : Misty mountains offers some decent accommodation, with all amenities, at very reasonable prices. The restaurants, Gala buffet and a la carte are definitely among the best in town. Nestled in a cliff face, the top floor provides access to a trekking space, while also providing some space for campfires. Depending on your luck, you could either get a room with a magnificent view of the Munnar tea gardens, or get a room whose window opens to a cliff face just one feet away, with no view whatsoever as luck would have it, the latter is what we got. However, if a room with a view isn't on top of your list, the room itself is quite comfortable.
Misty_Mountain : 407 : Good Stay : Plug points were not suitable. Overall clean and well maintained property. View from window and rooftop was awesome. Will visit again. Food was average and had less variety.
Misty_Mountain : 408 : Wonderful stay : Location was very good. Breakfast had too many options. Restaurant food was also nice. They upgrade my room from backside view to front side without any extra charge. The view from the room window was very good.
Misty_Mountain : 409 : Excellent : Excellent location, excellent service, enjoyed a lot.
Misty_Mountain : 410 : It was nice stay for five days : Hotel was nicely located. View was very good. Staff was well behaved. Staff was good and cooperative.
Misty_Mountain : 411 : Amazing stay at Misty Mountain : The hotel is superb with spectacular view. Stayed in valley view deluxe suite. Hotel staff are very polite and cooperative. Food was very tasty and scrumptious. The complimentary tracking at the secret garden is great and bonfire at terrace is amazing. Thanku misty mountain for making our stay comfortable and amazing.
Misty_Mountain : 412 : It was a pleasure. Was one of the best : It was a pleasure. Was one of the best. I liked being there. Hopefully will be coming back.
Misty_Mountain : 413 : Excellent Stay : Everything is good food and breakfast is good.
Misty_Mountain : 414 : Enjoyed the morning views : Nice place, food, spa. Enjoyed the stay. Shall visit again.
Misty_Mountain : 415 : Those staffs are the real asset of that hotel : I am so impressed at their hospitality. And the view. Secret garden. Everything appreciable. They was really good at service.
Misty_Mountain : 416 : Good hotel to stay with family : Good place to holiday, rooms are clean and neat, food is very tasty and hotel staff are very kind and humble. Overall had very good stay.
Misty_Mountain : 417 : Excellent Stay : Nice stay with family with cooperative staff.
Misty_Mountain : 418 : Best hotel in Munnar : I have searched so many hotels for my tour in Munnar and finally booked it. It has best location. Outside valley view room, penaromic misty valley is there. Very peaceful place. Food is very good to taste, slightly costly. Buffet breakfast has limited option, but that is same for all hotels in whole Kerala. 24 hours hot water available. Rooms are very good and clean. Staff is very polite. In morning, 45 minus tracking is complimentary. Evening 7 to 9 pm campfire is there on terrace. Definitely recommend others.
Misty_Mountain : 419 : Food : Excellent food. Everyday buffet breakfast and dinner was awesome. Amazing view. You can see Munnar weather changing every hour from window.
Misty_Mountain : 420 : Food quality : The food quality can be improved, cooking need to improve. The food quality should be improved.
Misty_Mountain : 421 : Excellent Stay : Good hotel good food. Garden, tracking area is excellent and staff behaviour is so good. This hotel away from 8 km. From Munnar on Ernakulam road but pleasant stay.
Misty_Mountain : 422 : An amazing : Really superb resort. Food was really delicious. Services were good. Reception staff and other staff were friendly nature. Overall, it was a great experience.
Misty_Mountain : 423 : Superb : Hotel location and views are very nice and wonderful. Staffs are also very supportive food is awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 424 : Value for money : Location is key, rest is ok. A balance about the hotel is ok. Rooms are very basics, food is average.
Misty_Mountain : 425 : Excellent : Great location and wonderful service and facilities.
Misty_Mountain : 426 : Average Stay : Good location. Amenities could have been better.
Misty_Mountain : 427 : Good : Good ambiance, clean room, top view is really awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 428 : Excellent Stay : Enjoyed stay. Nice location.
Misty_Mountain : 429 : Hotel with perfect view and amenities : We loved this hotel because of it's location, it is on the main road to Munnar and offers view of tea garden. The view from balcony is just awesome, feels like to sit back n enjoy it. This hotel has 2 restaurant, a gym, spa, children play area, adult play zone, campfire on the rooftop. To our surprise they have complimentary trekking of 1 hours. They take us to dense forest and guide us for rare spices. The food tasted well and it was equally authentic. The staff is courteous and ensure to make you feel cozy. Recommendation always drink water provided in room jar, as it's pure mineral water collected from water fall.
Misty_Mountain : 430 : Excellent Stay : Amazing stay at the resort. Thanking the room service start for providing great service.
Misty_Mountain : 431 : Good : Good stay, good food, very clean, good staff, good view.
Misty_Mountain : 432 : Excellent Stay : View from the room is awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 433 : Good : Nice to stay here. All were good. House keeping. All other things were well.
Misty_Mountain : 434 : Misty mountains resort : Excellent stay in the resort. Good service, smiling front desk, delicious food at a reasonable price. Misty mountains is a comfortable sojourn while in munnar. Strongly recommend this resort. Excellent view of sunrise and sunset.
Misty_Mountain : 435 : Pleasant stay : We had a good stay at the hotel. Parking space was limited. Food was good. Room was nice. Slightly far from Munnar. Beautiful view from the hotel. Room was spacious, bed was wide enough, good ambience. Cupboards were available. One table with 2 chairs available in the room to have food or coffee.
Misty_Mountain : 436 : Nice : Nice hotel and services. An awesome stay.
Misty_Mountain : 437 : Excellent Stay : The view from room was awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 438 : Excellent Stay : Enjoyed the holidays in 2 days stay with cool, valley view, peaceful nature surrounding the location. Resort location is far from city. But still it is worth to stay and enjoy the nature and hill view near the resort.
Misty_Mountain : 439 : Value for money : Excellent view from valley view room, all modern facilities and staff service good.
Misty_Mountain : 440 : Excellent Stay : Very good view, breakfast was very nice.
Misty_Mountain : 441 : Excellent Stay : Everything was good and comfortable. Valley rooms have a great view.
Misty_Mountain : 442 : Excellent Stay : Good view from the room. The amenities in hotel were good. There was provision for camp fire, karaoke, trekking etc.
Misty_Mountain : 443 : Good Stay : View from the front side is excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 444 : 3 night in misty mountain : Location is really good and hotel is really a cozy one, staff are really helpful. Food is awesome. At least you will get North Indian and authenticate Chinese food in this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 445 : Good Stay : The color of the curtains do not suit a standard room.
Misty_Mountain : 446 : Average stay. : The room cleanliness and staff behaviour could have been better. Over all the cleanliness was not good. It was not as per the suite standard.
Misty_Mountain : 447 : Food : Food is good and breakfast menu has lots of options but there is still room for improvement in other meals of the day. Beautiful picturesque location. Secret garden is amazing and peacefully. View from window is soothing. Staff is cooperative and prompt. Food is OK.
Misty_Mountain : 448 : Excellent Stay : Delighted to stay in misty mountain for two nights,excellent location, peaceful, beautiful view from our valley facing *URL* staffs are helpful and friendly. Restaurant service good, enough variety and tastes quite good. We liked everything about Misty mountain and it's wonderful friendly staff. Special thanks to the front desk for upgradation of our stay to valley facing room which came as a sweet surprise. Excellent view. I was upgraded to valley view room, cosy, clean, all amenities provided, bathroom neat and clean, good service, behaviour of all staff friendly. Food tasty and tough variety.
Misty_Mountain : 449 : Awesome location and view : Located at the top of the mountains, good service by the staff there. Got a complementary upgrade to a deluxe room with an awesome view. Food was also decent and reasonably priced. Awesome experience overall. Great experience overall. Value for money for this well maintained property, good staff and service too.
Misty_Mountain : 450 : Excellent Stay : Like bathroom. It was clean and amenities are ok.
Misty_Mountain : 451 : Excellent Stay : Excellent rooms and amenities however little bit slow room service however breakfast arrangement excellent overall enjoyable stay.
Misty_Mountain : 452 : Very Good location, good food with ethnic touch. Very good service. : Very Good location, good food with ethnic touch. Very good service. Good, very convenient location. Nice view, however only from the front side rooms. They arrange complimentary trekking backside of hotel (subject to weather conditions), which sounded interesting. We could not do it due to bad weather.
Misty_Mountain : 453 : Good Stay : Well located, nice view and centrally located. Well maintained facility and staff is good.
Misty_Mountain : 454 : Hotel in an excellent location : The view from the hotel is amazing. The rooms were good and well maintained. The roof top secret garden is the best part of the hotel. The rooms were clean and well maintained with good views.
Misty_Mountain : 455 : Nice Stay : It was a nice stay. Location was fine although a little far from the main city but space was good they have maintained a very nice terrace garden and bonfire. Room service was very nice but food was average. Liked space amenities cleanliness area, disliked the noise.
Misty_Mountain : 456 : Stay in Munnar : The resort has some activity area that was quite interesting.
Misty_Mountain : 457 : Memorable stay : Excellent place and service. Its beautiful, worth the money and safe. Most importantly easily accessible by public transport. What could probably improve is there Galaxy restaurant. Their restaurant Gia, does a wonderful job. Its a nice feeling to start the day, with a nice breakfast and come back to a comfortable place to crash. The early morning view from the room is a feast to the eyes. A value addition to the holiday experience.
Misty_Mountain : 458 : Good Stay : Great view from the rooms and they have a beautiful garden.
Misty_Mountain : 459 : Good Stay : Stay was very comfortable but dinner wasn't good. Room was good with great valley view.
Misty_Mountain : 460 : Comfortable : The location was great and the room had a nice valley view. Bathroom was OK and the amenities in the room served the purpose. Food was good except the galaxy chef special.
Misty_Mountain : 461 : Misty Mountain : Misty Mountain resort it's staff and services are excellent. The food served in the galaxy restaurant is nice.
Misty_Mountain : 462 : Good stay : Good stay but the recreational room must be improved. Staff is very helpful. Overall good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 463 : Best locations and best food in hotel : Very nice hotel in best location. Best food in prime locations and best room in.
Misty_Mountain : 464 : Flop : Canceled due to rain.
Misty_Mountain : 465 : Loved it : The food was nice, enjoyed the stay there. The view was awesome and the hotel too is great.
Misty_Mountain : 466 : Good resort : We went as 5 families. Hotel staffs very cooperative. Food was excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 467 : Average Stay : The managers at the front desk should know how to speak in English, its a pain to communicate otherwise. No doubt the manager at the reception were very helpful!!
Misty_Mountain : 468 : Good Stay : The hotel has an excellent view from the Valley View Room true to its name 'Misty Mountain'. Though its more of a hotel than a 'resort' its a good option. 8 kms away from Munnar towards Cochin on NH49 and hence cabs/taxis would charge you much higher to pick you up for your sightseeing trips. You are a captive market for the hotel for dinner/snacks as there are no alternative food options around. (The hotel quoted maintenance work to close its regular restaurant during our stay and gave us no option but to take the buffet which was pricey and the food wasn't great.) Staff was courteous and friendly. Overall I would recommend this place for people visiting Munnar in their own cars/vehicles.
Misty_Mountain : 469 : Good Stay : The hotel is maintained nicely and the rooms were clean and the service was good. The hotel is overlooking the valley with tea gardens and offers wonderful scenic beauty but it is located far away from main town (there isn't much to do in the town anyway). The staff was very courteous but are sometimes limited by lack of language skills so be prepared to repeat things a lot. The only negative factor I would have about this property is that it is slightly overpriced. I stayed in a heritage property in Cochin at a lesser price. Munnar is a must visit place and this hotel makes the stay memorable. I would recommend this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 470 : Average Stay : The location of the hotel was exstatic...I had a wonderful experience of Munnar and more to add the Hotel ambience was excellent...
Misty_Mountain : 471 : Good Stay : The location is awesome and we had enjoyed our 2 days in MIST only...so I can suggest someone to take this resort. The only drawback was it is far from the town but it should not be a problem if you have a four wheeler. Overall it was a good stay and the staff in the hotel was so friendly and cooperative and the food is also good.
Misty_Mountain : 472 : Poor Stay : We had booked two standard rooms. When the standard rooms were shown to us, we were taken aback by seeing the condition of the rooms. Standard rooms smelled like rotten rats. We had to upgrade our room to a Valley View Room, but that too was no less. There were no bathroom kit, no hand towels and no bathroom soaps. No water in the room and the glass in the room was broken. We are extremely dissatisfied with this choice.
Misty_Mountain : 473 : Good Stay : Awesome location!!...that is the main attraction and worth the stay. Service is slow. Rooms are very good with wonderful view from the valley view rooms...but bed quality is bad. Food options are limited but good.
Misty_Mountain : 474 : Good Stay : The hotel is located at an excellent place just before Munnar, ideal for sightseeing. The view from the Valley View Room is amazing. The staff is courteous and always ready to help. Room service is prompt. The food is also good. Overall an excellent experience for me and my wife.
Misty_Mountain : 475 : Average Stay : The hotel location is the only sore point. Its quite far off from Munnar and most of the places of interest are located on the other axis.
Misty_Mountain : 476 : Good Stay : The location of the hotel is very good. However it being somewhat away from Munnar city. One sometimes feels a bit cut off.
Misty_Mountain : 477 : Good Stay : The location was mesmerizing and that itself kind of justified the price. But throughout Munnar you get many hotels with similar view and so I think it were kind of a bit expensive considering it is not a resort but a normal hotel. The breakfast was good but dinner was very over-priced. The staff was courteous and helpful. They arranged for cab facility from and to Cochin including sight-seeing. So, it was overall a nice experience.
Misty_Mountain : 478 : Good Stay : The scenic view from the hotel was excellent and rooms were very comfortable. They have fixed menu choices as far as the food is concerned. Overall the hotel is good value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 479 : Average Stay : I expected more open space when you call a place a resort. It was more of a Hotel and less of resort. The food quality was not that good. We had problems with the hot water supply both the days. The facilities like gym, indoor sports can be improved.
Misty_Mountain : 480 : Good Stay : Great place to stay! Clean & comfy rooms, and great view of the valley. Only thing we missed was a balcony in the rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 481 : Average Stay : Hotel is situated at a very scenic location looking over valley even though 7 km away from Munnar, but much better compared to most hotels in Munnar. Only drawback is no in-house laundry and no car washing facility. Always book valley side rooms as for other side (standard rooms), there is no view.
Misty_Mountain : 482 : Good Stay : Very nice location, excellent view of the mountains from one window and tea estate from the other. Very friendly staff and excellent spa services. Only drawback is that there is no balcony. Rest everything is jus wonderful.
Misty_Mountain : 483 : Excellent Stay : Hotel was well maintained and food was excellent. Hotel is located 8 km from Munnar (on the cochin direction). The hotel is well named as "Misty Mountain", most of the time hotel is covered by mist. If you have a four wheeler and you expect a getaway location, then this is a ideal hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 484 : Average Stay : The hotel was 8 km from the main city and the restaurant was pretty ordinary. The food quality was okay but the menu was fixed for each day. There were no alternative choices. The room was not cleaned and bed done unless explicitly told so. One day even after repeatedly telling the hotel authorities, the bed was not done.
Misty_Mountain : 485 : Average Stay : 1. Location: a) Positives: The location of the hotel is mind-blowing. The view from the rooms is excellent. You can see the beautiful valleys covered in mist. Its so soothing to the eyes that you will love it the moment you open the curtains of your window. Negatives: Misty Mountain is located around 10-12 kms from Munnar town towards Cochin direction. The road from the hotel to the town is in a bad shape so it takes some time to reach from hotel to the main market. If you are planning to stay close to the market, avoid staying here. 2. Recreation: They have their own recreation facilities, like board games, campfire, etc., you can enjoy these facilities if you are not going out on a particular day. 3. Food: The hotel has 2 restaurants, one has buffet and the other has ala carte. We tried the buffet one and let me say we were really disappointed. Its just not value for money. There were no starters and the dessert had no options. Hope this review helps you.
Misty_Mountain : 486 : Misty stay : The hotel is truly justified it's name Misty mountain. The location is best for monsoon season.
Misty_Mountain : 487 : Good view hotel : Best view, nice staff, good hotel for tea plantation view in munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 488 : It was nice experience : Everything was good except view from window. There was some noise and view was not of an open area. Food and services were excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 489 : Good location, very good food : Location of the Hotel was awesome although slightly far from Munnar, and Food was very tasty. The food and location were the best part.
Misty_Mountain : 490 : Excellent Stay : Overall very good experience. Want to go ahead with same property again.
Misty_Mountain : 491 : Awesome experience : The location is just 7 km away from Munnar, can easily locate, doormat facility available for car drivers.
Misty_Mountain : 492 : Beautiful : Very nice stay and room services. Good hotel and amenities with good food.
Misty_Mountain : 493 : Very good hospitality : The location and ambience was awesome. Will visit again.
Misty_Mountain : 494 : Good Stay : Restaurant staff is not friendly.
Misty_Mountain : 495 : Best Location in Munnar : Awesome location to stay, good facilities supported by good staff. Food is excellent. Room was good considering the budget.
Misty_Mountain : 496 : Stay was good, location was great, food was good, good staff : Location great, food is good, staff good, rooms good and clean rooms. Overall excellent stay in the hotel. Food was good location is great.
Misty_Mountain : 497 : Nice : Nice hotel but room or not good on this prize so good satay
Misty_Mountain : 498 : Amazing stay : The location of the resort is good and is near to most of the tourist spots. The breakfast buffet was good and it had decent spread. Do not forget to visit the secret garden in the resort in early morning. We opted for the valley view room and the stay was awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 499 : Good hotel with best view : Best option to stay in Munnar. But keep in mind to book lake view room. Good hotel with best view
Misty_Mountain : 500 : Excellent Stay : Awesome! Love Misty Mountain!
Misty_Mountain : 501 : Memorable stay : Nice and clean room quick room service and amazing view. It was amazing, good and welcoming staff, clean rooms and breathtaking view.
Misty_Mountain : 502 : Small size room, not useful for family. : Location: good, Food: good, Staff: good, Hotel is good for family stay. Nearby tea landscape, cultural program show Room size was too small for a family of 2+2 size. They offer small size room than what is shown while booking
Misty_Mountain : 503 : Very decent hotel : Mountain valley view simply superb. Buffet food very nice. Bathroom and room clean and good Nothing worst experience, very good maintained.
Misty_Mountain : 504 : Stay with family : We had a memorable stay at the hotel. The food, service, views from hotel, etc was all fantastic. Everything was fine. Would suggest a higher room for a better view of the valley. Nothing as such. We had a very pleasant stay and would love to come back again.
Misty_Mountain : 505 : Clean rooms and good stay. : Clean rooms and good stay. Would definitely recommend. In-house restaurant is on the expensive side but worth a try!
Misty_Mountain : 506 : Location : Location is great, but again room had water leakage and floor getting wet. Food is costly. Service is delayed as hot water not coming as expected 24/7.
Misty_Mountain : 507 : Location and Room Service : Misty Mountain hotel was really Misty both morning and evening . Fantastic view .
Misty_Mountain : 508 : Good : Good for stay and nice location in cloudy mountains. Nice to visit in August to November
Misty_Mountain : 509 : Good to stay, enjoyed the : Overall good experience, but need improvement in many aspects like food and service
Misty_Mountain : 510 : Very good view for Munnar : Very nice place to stay at Munnar, good food, supporting staff, arrangements are well, hotel view is awesome, location wise the hotel is slightly at the outskirts . But overall very good experience . Thoroughly enjoyed the stay
Misty_Mountain : 511 : View from room : Excellent service and nice breakfast. However, the best part was the view from top floor valley view room. It was excellent. The breakfast was tasty and sumptuous every day. Location of the hotel is also good. It is not very far from the town and very near some favourite tourist attractions of Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 512 : Nice place to stay, good : Just awesome !! Nice place to stay, good connectivity, helpful staff. Good view, clean room, nice amenities, enjoyed my stay their and during Transport strike we could enjoy the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 513 : Over all Good : Over all good experience . Dont keep high expectations by seeing hotel photographs . There was hot water problem. Rom service is very slow. OK types breakfast. View is awesome from hotel . I suggest you can visit this hotel with less expectation then you feel good. I would rate this 3 out of 5
Misty_Mountain : 514 : Pathetic service and greedy staff : Staff of hotel is trying to make money out of their guests simply . On upgrading rooms . No AC there in rooms and very pathetic service and food quality.
Misty_Mountain : 515 : Good Location to stay in near to the Munnar city. : Good place to stay in Munnar. Good location & food tastes good. The room shall be developed slightly better for the money we pay. Very good supporting staff. Overall the experience is nice with Misty Mountain Resorts in Munnar. Will recommend other for sure.
Misty_Mountain : 516 : Good hotel : Good hotel best service provide clean and net room thanks make mytrip team you provide me hotel in best rates location wise best all hotel members provide best service food very tasty thanks hotel staff and management our tour complete happy journey. Ok
Misty_Mountain : 517 : No highlights : Good decent room ., but the room was not value for money even in off season.
Misty_Mountain : 518 : Good mid segment : Nearby to the martial art show and Kathak show. Big hotel with all amenities, just one concern away from market, Munnar. But if you want some relaxed time away from hustle-bustle, then opt for it. Also good for trek lovers.
Misty_Mountain : 519 : Valley view room only is good. Location excellent g : Good location but worth the money only if you take valley view room. Standard room window has no view of the valley. It has good restaurant. My only complaint is poorly main tainted play room. It had very few car parking. It is 7 km from city and located at a valley view.
Misty_Mountain : 520 : The breakfast. : Overall a satisfactory experience. Except for a brief episode over hot water the overall stay was quite comfortable. The staff are courteous. Breakfast spread was very decent and we all simply loved the variety being vegetarians. The secret garden was well maintained. However the play room was not maintained well enough. The Valley view rooms had nice view of the Tea estate. The hotel is also very near to few local attractions and barely few kilometres from main Munnar town.
Misty_Mountain : 521 : Nice hotel and location : Very happy for the repeated excellence of misty mountain, very proud to be a guest there
Misty_Mountain : 522 : Value of money & may be booked : Good resort, value of money, interior so, location fine, may be booked for view rooms, Normal rooms are good except no view if you want to relax in resort, Location & entry fine, Very good breakfast good lunch & dinner also, Rooms are of medium size, City is just 8 KM which is little far
Misty_Mountain : 523 : Superb place to stay with family : Very nice hotel to stay with family, will definitely book the same resort for the next time also
Misty_Mountain : 524 : Excellent : Good location better service. Good view from Room and enjoyable atmosphere around resort . Cash valuable. If honeymoon trip is better choice. Good food and restaurant. Gardening is a good experience for me
Misty_Mountain : 525 : Best hotel in Munnar : I had stayed in this hotel for 3days, I think that this is best hotel in Munnar the appearance of hotel is marvellous, rooms were neat and clean, quick room service, food they provided were excellent, The secret garden in this hotel is fantastic, I enjoyed all 3 days.
Misty_Mountain : 526 : Very pathetic Behaviour of Staff : Very pathetic Behaviour of Staff as we are on honeymoon and knowing this thing, staff was trying to upsell their rooms to us for upgrade and so rude behaviour they did at the time of check-in . No AC as well in any of their rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 527 : Myanmar has the best sceneries : It needs good service from the front desk to help transportation. And it needs Swimming pool or at least Whirlpool.
Misty_Mountain : 528 : Decent property with decent food . : Located before 7 kms from Munnar town . Good property . Food is nice . Jain food available . Tea garden view is quite amazing . Patel restaurant is infront of the hotel which is great for gujarati food .
Misty_Mountain : 529 : Hotel Eminence should have been more and spacious. : Room and facilities are not that great specially the room which are not valley facing it was like jail cell no view. Room and facilities are not that great specially the room which are not valley facing it was like jail cell no view. Need to improve.
Misty_Mountain : 530 : Good Location, tasty food, good rooms : Hospitable staff, nice weather, Housekeeping service is slow, needs to be improvex
Misty_Mountain : 531 : Great Location, Fast-services, Quality food : Been to Munnar twice & on both the occasions- stayed in Misty Mountains. Can't think of trying another hotel. Great location, amazing views from the room, North Indian food quality food available in the hotel's restaurants. Quick room service & friendly staff . . Highly recommended. Thanks!
Misty_Mountain : 532 : Enjoyed the stay : While booking the room they don't show that whether it has valley view or not. If you get valley view rooms then stay is amazing but the back rooms are highly depressing. More so They don't provide mineral water even though the charges are good enough. Otherwise location, cleanliness and food is good. Staff is also very courteous.
Misty_Mountain : 533 : Hi. Room was very small better : Hi. I stayed here for 2 days. Location is good easy to find the resort. In MMT it is mentioned as resort but it is not a resort then why thy call it has a resort no idea about it. Resort should be very spacious with all amenities. Spa was there but it was costly kids play area is very small hardly 2 kids can play at a time. In last flour we can find a terrace with a bonfire that was OK and we can see a secret garden with a swing that was OK. Food was Good with lots of varieties there service was good.
Misty_Mountain : 534 : Wonderful Family Stay : We stayed at Misty Mountain in our recent trip to Munnar and the stay was as wonderful as it could be. From the comfortable services, picturesque location to the wonderful secret terrace garden. We loved the pleasant stay and services along with the wholesome breakfast offered.
Misty_Mountain : 535 : Amazing misty mountain experience. : Enjoyed this stay. Nice location and good tea garden view from window. Garden above the top is managed well. Nice good. House keeping service is slow but still OK. Spa services are good. Gym is managed good.
Misty_Mountain : 536 : Very good hotel. : Overall good hotel for families & couples. I was upgraded to suite as it was my first honeymoon. Morning breakfast was very good. Staff was courteous enough to offer me an upgrade. Room was tidy & nice . Overall a nice experience with the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 537 : Great : The hotel is about 8 km from Munnar main town with a great view of valley, also has a trekking of its own, staff is cordial, best part was the food, as hotel is on outskirts not much options but not needed either as restaurant serve great food, great stay
Misty_Mountain : 538 : Good place to stay with family. : Hotel is located at great place. I was enthralled by the Secret Garden on 6th floor of the hotel. It is a must visit place in the morning. Rooms weren't great but the washrooms were v clean and well equipped. The valley view room offered a breathtaking view of the hill slopes. The only con with the property is that you need to have a vehicle to move to a central location (7. I had a car so I didn't face many problems because of it
Misty_Mountain : 539 : Mesmerizing view from room but restaurant is costl : I stayed in valley view room for 2 days. Mesmerizing view from room. Room services and other amenities are as per expectation. But I did not find a-la-carte restaurant as a good option. Food is really costly, one bowl rice will cost you Rs. 140 + tax, one omelet costs Rs. 120+ tax whereas the taste of curries are not that great. You will not find any alternative for food as there is no hotel or restaurant nearby. But budget breakfast is really good. Another problem which I faced is that inside toilet bathing area floor tiles are little bit slippery. They should put matte finish tiles in bathing area. Another thing to remember that this is a hotel and not a resort. Please do not expect resort facilities here but you will definitely like the valley view rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 540 : Location, Activities and Food : The main positives of the hotel are its location, available activities and food, Hospitality is also good, Overall a very good hotel to relax in Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 541 : Good old setup, needs a newer touch : 7-8 kms before the main city. The setup is good but old, nice back side garden and beautiful front view. The breakfast menu is limited though and the rooms desperately need a whitewash. Initially was given a room in a bad shape which was later changed.
Misty_Mountain : 542 : Good and prefect for the Money and Stay was Superb : Breakfast was Simply awesome and services are perfect and cool. I will be prefer to stay here all time when reach Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 543 : Overall it was a good experience. Would recommend : Good location, good view, ambience. Buffet breakfast is great. Can do better with the restaurant food. Food is a bit expensive. Good welcome drink they provide. They also have camp fire. Valley view rooms are good, better than standard suite.
Misty_Mountain : 544 : Best view from room !!! : Wow! Misty Mountain has the best panoramic view which no other hotel in that area has in Munnar ... Very beautiful garden with lots of flowers .. Great value for money ... Highly recommended ... Great food and snacks and camp fire .. Staff is also very responsive.
Misty_Mountain : 545 : Very pleasant stay, nice location : Very spacious room, nice atmosphere and location. It is just opposite to tea garden. Very beautiful garden with lots of flowers. Food is delicious and lot of options in breakfast . Staff is very good, quick check in.
Misty_Mountain : 546 : Amazing view and hotel location ... Can't beat that .. : Wow! Misty Mountain has the best panoramic view which no other hotel in that area has in Munnar ... Just awesome. Great value for money ... Highly recommended ... Great food and snacks and camp fire ... Go for it ...
Misty_Mountain : 547 : Decent hotel but little less worth for money! : Stayed for 2 nights .. A decent hotel! 1)good breakfast 2)good restaurant food 3)good view from the room(valley view room) 4)location is good 5)good place to enjoy nature Can be improved ... 1) no toothpaste/brush and other toiletries. 2)TT table is broken! Working staff have no information about hotel services and places around 4)No AC in room Just a hotel or not resort! Not worth for money!
Misty_Mountain : 548 : Decent relaxing stay at a picturesque location : Had an overall good experience during the 2N stay with valley view rooms in Jan 2018. Room service and breakfast was pretty good. The only downside was there were hardly any family activities to do at the resort. It seemed more like a hotel than a resort. And it was a tad bit overpriced.
Misty_Mountain : 549 : Poor roomse : We stayed in room no. 319, the room was pathetic. Some construction work is going in the hotel which was a continuous nuisance. The room was smelling as there was no ventilation in the room. The only good thing was food. Suggest only book valley view room, else your money is wasted.
Misty_Mountain : 550 : Beautiful views but can't : Room was back side of the hotel, so no mountain and Valley view from the room
Misty_Mountain : 551 : Honeymoon : It was so relaxed and awesome but the room given to me was very congested and some construction work was also going on so I told I don't want this room so they gave me another room also. Overall experience was good ...
Misty_Mountain : 552 : No value for money, no option to upgrade the room : Room received was stinking, very small room, no cross ventilation, food was below average, much salty and spicy, towels were not clean, no value for money, services were average, its standard room are horrible rooms, no facility to upgrade the rooms if not liked.
Misty_Mountain : 553 : Not up to expectation : No value for money. Room was not up to clean . Not satisfied with the services . Food was not so good . Not satisfied with the hotel services .
Misty_Mountain : 554 : Excellent hotel. Value for money. Super : Excellent hotel. Value for money. Super location good ambience nice service excellent room mice staff. Nice food and breakfast. Recommend to travellers to stay this hotel. Very near to bus stand and railway station. Temple is also nearby only. 3 star property. Thanks to MMT
Misty_Mountain : 555 : Beautiful and mesmerising view of the valley : We had booked a valley view room and a standard room. Hotel location and view rooms are its USP. The valley view was mesmerising, with misty mountains in the morning. Rooms were pretty good and clean. Resort interior design was done well. Ala-carte food was OK. However the breakfast buffet was tasty and had good spread. Service staff was good. We had forgotten our folder containing id proofs and other important documents, the staff was quick to report just before we were about to leave.
Misty_Mountain : 556 : Location of resort was fabulous : We had stayed in valley view suite, it was great resort. Location was the best thing, complimentary trekking available behind resort. Food was good. Overall, a very good resort
Misty_Mountain : 557 : Very good experience. Stayed for 2 nights. : Location is very good. A bit away from busy city, not very far also, valley view was amazing. You can see, photography easily. Take a walk in the morning around hotel between tee plantation was great. Hotel is on the road hence well connected to other places in Munnar. Overall good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 558 : Nice stay : Good maintained room. Good staff. Good food. Everything joyable. All well set as per online advt
Misty_Mountain : 559 : Totally disappointing  up to : Totally disappointing  up to mark finally only 2star I complained to make my trip also in between hotel management promised to me in morning upgrade the room but they do not. In room no proper lighting.
Misty_Mountain : 560 : Misty: must to stay : Wonderful stay. Good service, good location. No doubt, choose valley view room. Go to top floor @ 6 am and you won't believe how beautiful the sunrise is. Spice Garden on back is worth visiting for few minutes. Breakfast great.
Misty_Mountain : 561 : - : Hotel had a beautiful terrace which is unique in its way. Being a non a. C. Room it's quite expensive I felt. Provided free breakfast which is okay, no many options. Hotel is located 10 kms before Munnar town bit it is right on the side of main road. It's good if we depend on public transport.
Misty_Mountain : 562 : Good outside view, easy accessible to town : Rooms and ambience was good, good outside view, easy accessible to town, food was little expensive, trekking on backside was very good, breakfast was very good, parking is okay but for large vehicles it may be a problem, view from standard room is not good
Misty_Mountain : 563 : Overall good experience : Location is good on road easy to reach. View from room was excellent. Hotel was well maintained and clean. Staff was very helpful and polite. Food is restaurant was good and very tasty but very few options in morning breakfast. Spa was not up to the mark.
Misty_Mountain : 564 : Awesome : It was a great stay at Misty Mountain. All the Services were really good and the staff were cordial and supportive. Overall thoroughly enjoyed our stay. I will recommend this resort to everyone who is looking for a relaxed outing at Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 565 : Very good to stay : Very nice hotel with polite staff, food is also very good but the best part is it's view. We get a full view of tea valley from the hotel. Spa is also good and terrace garden is awesome. Very good for family and couples
Misty_Mountain : 566 : Highly Recommended Misty mountain resort : This Resort is located at very fantastic valley view location. The room's are neat and clean. Overall experience is very nice. Valley view is fantastic. Breakfast & food is nice. The hotel staff is very polite. Our room's are valley view rooms and view from window is very fantastic
Misty_Mountain : 567 : It was very Good and Food Quality needed to bet : It was Good Service and Hospitality in the Hotel . Overall It was Good and Service was Awesome But need to improve Food Quality . Food Quality was average . They needed to be more better in Food Quality.
Misty_Mountain : 568 : A Romantic and a blissful experience at the Resort : Misty Mountain Resort biggest plus point is its location. I must say that I was enthralled by the road connecting the hotel and even the hilly roads were a complete fun to drive. The Hotel staff was very polite and kind since they arranged local and outstation cabs at a very economical price. The restaurant was also very good although we only had our dinner once there. We preferred our lunch and dinner at our valley view room which we liked the most. Although the location from the window was majestic I felt that because of the crossing-by roads it was but uneasy to be completely relaxed. However, there are third and fourth-floor options which may offer you better valley visibility and a sense of security. The other amenities provided by the resort was also good enough to stay a couple of days.
Misty_Mountain : 569 : Highly recommend this hotel. Awesome view ... : Awesome hotel nice view staff is very pleasant. Overall experience is wowww. Kerala is awesome place and hotel location is awesome. Valley view is superb. Food is nice. Only room is not spacious with small kids
Misty_Mountain : 570 : Enjoyable experience as the staff is helpful. Good. : The property is located at a very nice location. The facilities at the hotel are very nice. Hotel is close to Punarjani traditional village which hosts cultural programs. The rooms are also clean apart from the drainage system and beds. Both are pretty average.
Misty_Mountain : 571 : Awesome place to stay : We stayed there for two days for our honeymoon. The room was very spacious, neat and clean and most amazing part was the view from the room. We had taken Breakfast + stay in this hotel and we never regret it. The food was very delicious and they also provide lots of variety in their breakfast whether it is toast or South Indian or North Indian everything was available on the table. We strongly recommended to our family & friends.
Misty_Mountain : 572 : Amazing : Excellent location .. From top floor we can view and feel Gods own country. Pros: Rooms are pretty good. On top floor, secret garden where we can take excellent pics Cons:Needs improvement in restaurant dishes and WiFi connectivity.
Misty_Mountain : 573 : Good : The hotel has a very good location. Close to photo point and mattupetty dam. It has a nice property with clean and decent size rooms. Food was also good. The hotel has a terrace where they arrange a couple of activities like karaoke, campfire. Though we couldn't experience those because of rainy weather. Staff is friendly.
Misty_Mountain : 574 : Satisfied : The rooms with the mountain view are worth the money. It's great to wake up and check the mountains in the mornings. Good rooms and service and their secret garden is a feather in the cap. Do keep it in your list if you visit Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 575 : Nice stay : Room very cleaned, nice stay, service also provides very good. Near to main city, but overall hotel is very good. Next also we definitely stay in same hotel. Room was comfortable for single couple.
Misty_Mountain : 576 : No view from room. Filthy smell in room : Room was not propery maintained. Not recommendes for families with children. They have just a small garden with no lighting. Restaurant is good but room service is not up to the mark. From outside it looks great.
Misty_Mountain : 577 : Lovely and memorable stay : Everything fantastic with the Hotel, no complaints, Best services bueatiful Room and view the only problem is the cash payment required at the hotel due to low connectivity. Please try to improve the connectivity or else use LaN
Misty_Mountain : 578 : Staff friendly /location not very : Overall experience was good and location its just near to the main road. Staff was friendly and service all good. Food served in hotel is good and reasonable rates. I just dont like its very close to the main road
Misty_Mountain : 579 : Location and Buffet breakfast. Rooms : Location and Room was excellentlocation and Buffet breakfast. Rooms are very nice. Room service was good. They provide kids play area. Buffet breakfast was too good. Alakart dinner prices were too high and its not cost worth.
Misty_Mountain : 580 : Awesome : Too good, some finishing touch in room req, some patchy places, service excellent and cordial, tube light required, if things lost difficult to find. Location is good, on the way to town, eat food at restaurant and not around the hotel
Misty_Mountain : 581 : Surrounding tea garden : In september its misty in Munnar .. Love so much hotel as well as Munnar .. Hotel location is good near tea gardens .. Food is average. But you can take food from market which is 50 mtr far from hotel .. Rooms are good .. Overall fantastic experience in Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 582 : Value for money : Pros: excellent location and service. We particularly loved the dinner buffet . Cons: the rooms need regular maintanace and felt a bit small. Breakfast could also be improved. Overall, I would definitely visit this hotel
Misty_Mountain : 583 : Strongly recommend this Hotel for Munnar Stay : Excellent hotel, I recommend to stay in this hotel !! Food is really tastey, we ate buffet. Many vegetarian options. Nice Mountain view. I dont think anyone can beat this location. Spa was OK, Staff very friendly.
Misty_Mountain : 584 : Average hotel : The view from the window is great. Make sure you take tea garden view room. We took a suite so which was spacious but rooms otherwise are smaller. Breakfast is delicious. Make sure to attend the kalariyapattu and khathakali performances that happen at a walking distance from the hotel
Misty_Mountain : 585 : First trip 2 Kerala : The hotel location is very good wd nature beauty. Munnar good places are easily accessible from here. Kerala dance is organised in nearby location and worth watching it. Dinner and complimentary breakfast were good.
Misty_Mountain : 586 : OK but there are better options : Even though the hotel is in front of tea plantation being on the main road spoils all the fun. There is a honking noise by passing vehicles all the time so the sleep gets disturbed, my room was valley view premium but it was damp and smelly, it didn't have basic amenities like toiletries, breakfast had decent options and a-la carte food was decent. I think there are better options in terms of location and amenities, I won't recommend it to honeymooners who are not so tight on budget
Misty_Mountain : 587 : Very good. Stay : Nice view of belly and very good staff. Breakfast quality very good. Good area to playing children in the garden and top of the roof/child okay room. Need to be improved ala karta dinner rest/swad. Overall good experience
Misty_Mountain : 588 : Value to Money : A very well maintained non AC hotel. Various facilities available in hotel like campfire vegetation, karaoke and others. Breakfast buffet has lots of variations. Dinner and lunch menu were also reasonable charges
Misty_Mountain : 589 : Best place to stay and relax in Munnar. : I've got a free upgrade from valley view deluxe room to valley view suite, and the view from the room was fabulous. Stayed here for 3 days, staff was courteous, service was quick, and food was good. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who's visiting Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 590 : Fantastic and excellent room : Excellent room with excellent service and good location and friendly staff with modern amenities. Terrace garden with. Best and beautiful view and food is in good quality and not much choice but taste is good
Misty_Mountain : 591 : Average : Average hotel as compared to price, though location is good there is in actual no balcony. Lift was Mal functioning and got stuck momentarily, further Munnar is famous for tee garden no tea was provided in room which was quite disappointing. Overall require improvement to justify the price.
Misty_Mountain : 592 : Garden view is good .. Breakfast : Garden view is good .. Breakfast & dinner is too good .. Location of the room is ideal for sightseeing .. Outside Munnar city & traffic. Spend time in their secret garden & view from lift is too good. Best deal from MMT
Misty_Mountain : 593 : Very Small room with problem in drainage system : Location of the hotel is really good I. E Above tea estates. This resort property is good but please remember always book valley view rooms if you want to really enjoy your stay in this resort as the beginners category rooms are quite small even we have faced the problem of water drainage in the room. Moreover, they do not provide complimentary packaged water rather they provide loose mineral water but they provide packaged water on chargeable basis.
Misty_Mountain : 594 : It was a nice stay in Misty Mountain resorts view : It was a nice stay in Misty Mountain resorts view room are really nice and the atmosphere is neat & clean. People in Reception are very calm and humble there guidance are very helpful for sightseeing
Misty_Mountain : 595 : Very nice resort : Room very nice. Location is best. Location near tea garden resort, cleaning facility, best choice is Misty mountain resort, best breakfast, nice food and dinner. Best food and room clean.
Misty_Mountain : 596 : Room was poor. Only select the valley view rooms : Room was very ordinary. Valley view rooms are good. Location of hotel is awesome. You can enjoy the clouds and scenic beauty of tea garden everywhere in front of the hotel in the evening. Terrace is very good.
Misty_Mountain : 597 : Smelly room uncooperative staff. Wrongly : Excellent view but that's all apparently all the hotels have good rooms. Will surely recommend AGAINST staying in this hotel. Smelly room uncooperative staff. Wrongly added food bill Lizard in room Housekeeping hopeless
Misty_Mountain : 598 : Amazing stay will definitely recommend : Hotel property has maintained beautiful landscape besides hotel with cardamom and coffee plantation. Hotel is on hills with tea plantation all around, most of the tourist destination are nearby, rooms were good, clean. Staff was prompt in service. Only drawback was the taste of food, most of the items are sweet in taste, could work on food taste
Misty_Mountain : 599 : The location of hotel is awesome with Misty tea ga : Keep in mind to get valley side room and terrace flower garden is awesome so must visit terrace. Food was good and staff was polite. Bone fire was also there at terrace and you will enjoy the surrounding that hotel has.
Misty_Mountain : 600 : Great Location. Average Food. Poor Staff : We stayed there in last week of November. Location of property is superb, just before Munnar on a hill top with great views of tea gardens. Breakfast was tasteless with same menu for both the days and very OK live counter. Also, staff was very rude in informing us that activity center hours timing is over.
Misty_Mountain : 601 : Good Location. Value of Money. : Very nice Room Enjoyed our stay. Good Location. Break fast was good. Very Clean rooms. Service was very good. Staff are very good. Morning View was very good. Value of Money. Worth to stay. Entertainment space available. Enjoyed well. Must to Enjoy Campfire evening.
Misty_Mountain : 602 : Satisfied with the Hotel. Food can be better. : Located on the highway and close to Munnar with full access to all types of transport. Rooms was fine. Bathroom was good. Food was Bad. Even in breakfast options were there but not tasty at all. Food was bad overall. Rest was fine. Recommend to Stay, don't recommend for food or long stay.
Misty_Mountain : 603 : Great Experience : My overall experience was awesome. Especially the location of hotel was great. Its the only hotel in Munnar where you can see mist 365 days. I recommend everyone one who visit Munnar to book this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 604 : Highly recommended : Highly recommended hotel. Refer to my review in Trip Advisor. Great location and great stay. Awesome service and location. Very cooperative staff. Good rooms and location is really good .. Its on the top side of hills.
Misty_Mountain : 605 : Very nice hotel in Munnar : Very nice hotel at a good location, around 8 km away from main Munnar city. Climate was awesome though it rained. Attraction Punarjani village is at walkable distance. The rooms are nice and clean. The staff is very friendly and supportive.
Misty_Mountain : 606 : We had a very good time at this hotel : Rooms are very good and clean. Staff is very helpful. Food is good. Hotel is located at very good spot. We got a very nice view from window. Rooms are very spacious. Staff also helped us to book a for our 6 day tour
Misty_Mountain : 607 : Superb valley view from the room : Excellent hotel, amazing view of tea plantation & valley from the room. Great service, nice maintenance, Lavish breakfast buffet, and above all, very friendly staff. Also there is a provision of trekking from the top floor of the hotel
Misty_Mountain : 608 : A little above average place : Stayed for 2 nights. The view from the room is amazing if you spend a little more to take valley view rooms. It is good to stay with family. We got full body massages at the spa located there and the service was amazing. I slept like a baby after taking a massage in the night. Its little on expensive side as compared to if you take massage from any place which is outside hotels but for the comfort it offers you, I would say it was worth it. There is nothing to do in the night other than buffet dinners. They have a huge terrace that can be used for something happening but at the time they have a small garden attached to the terrace but nothing else. Overall it was a decent stay. For the price, the rooms/ furniture were a bit old and not that swanky!
Misty_Mountain : 609 : Overall I can say it is average hotel. : Never Select Standard Room it's pathetic. We stayed one day in standard room. Seriously it's horrible. Size of Room is too small for family traveller. There is no view of any thing. They provide a window which allowed light only. There is a beam above bad which feel tension. Again the highlighting window wall colour is blue which is very dominant. Not propre lighting in room. The attached toilet ceiling is bent. So you will feel guest house feeling in standard room. Their valley view rooms is better. We also stayed 2 days in deluxe valley view rooms. Which is quite good. Restaurant is good. But they need more man power when pick time of breakfast.
Misty_Mountain : 610 : Awesome Location : Superb location. Spacious and Clean Rooms. Valley view from the room is a ln highlight of this Hotel. Food is nice. Staff is cooperative. Overall a pleasant experience. Highly recommended for the stay. One will feel he is in heaven.
Misty_Mountain : 611 : Location is its major asset : Only disappointment I had was that unknowingly I booked standard room with out a view .. Other than that everything is excellent .. Food, view from restaurant, cleanliness etc .. Indoor games are not that great.
Misty_Mountain : 612 : Nothing to remember from stay in this hotel. : It is not a resort but a hotel. Poor facilities for kids - broken rides and worn out table tennis and carrom. Nothing to do for adults after coming into the hotel after 6pm. Resort should mean some activities for the guests. Rooms do not have any balconies which is a big minus. Suite is not very big and has basic furniture. One would expect better furniture in a suite. Room service is real quick. Food is good but quantity is very less so you will need to order more items.
Misty_Mountain : 613 : Nice and Pleasant stay : Nice location, good value for money. Scenery were very good with views mountain and valleys. Food were delicious and nicely served. Staff were cooperative and amenities provided in the room were quite good.
Misty_Mountain : 614 : Very nice and memorable stay. Excellent hotel. : Situated on the main road to Munnar town just few kms away. Easily approachable and good parking. The rooms are neat, clean and cosy. The restaurant and food is very good. The view from the valley view side rooms is very nice and gives soothing view of the valley and tea gardens. The staff is supportive and helpful. I will definitely recommend this place to others. They also arrange campfire/trekking if possible. On improvement: the activity room should have more/better options. Thanks, Vijay.
Misty_Mountain : 615 : Kerala tour is best in my life I want to visit aga : Room is very clean. Service is excellent of the hotel. Behavior of the staff of hotel is polite. Location of the hotel is fantastic. Room service very good. Reception staff is helpful for everyone. All things are excellence.
Misty_Mountain : 616 : Valley view was fantastic : Room was good.. Food was awesome.. Nice hospitality.. Peaceful and scenic location... Helpdesk service is quick enough... They do organize local sightseeing packages... Overall fantastic stay... Great experience.
Misty_Mountain : 617 : Must Visit. Munnar : Misty Mountain resort based in Tea Garden Hills surrounded by waterfalls and clouds, View from the balcony gives pleasure of stay. Market place is 5Kms from the hotel, food is good, Parking lot is good, Value for Money ... Thanks MMT, Must Visit. Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 618 : Poor quality hotel for a high price : The room we stayed was a cramped and very small one compared to what we expected for Rs. 9262/- for 2 nights stay for 2 adults with 1 small kid (19th & 20th Oct 2017) at Munnar. Knowing fully well we had already paid the full amount of the extra person tariff for our kid, pillow, towel and bed linen was not offered for him! Only after requesting, a shabby and dirty pillow was offered; I was asked to put on the pillow cover (given separately) if I wanted. I had to put on the pillow cover myself. They charged for "room service" for reasons best known to them, even though we did not avail any room service like serving food in the room, laundry, etc. One thing - one of the hotel staff helped us to unlock one of our trolley bag number lock (and we tipped him on the spot by cash). The hotel charged us twice for our food bill of Rs. 1881/- ( by mistake / POS machine problem/? Purposefully) when I paid by my debit card. I am yet to get back the extra amount of Rs. 1881/- they debited from my bank account when I paid the bill by debit card. The two debit transactions (Rs 1881/- each) made by the hotel from my debit card merely 79 seconds apart were paid to "SURYA HOTELS & PRO1" (on 20/10/2017 19:14:36) and "Misty Mountain" (on 20/10/2017 19:15:55) respectively against a single bill of Rs. 1881/-! The bill they gave me is not a tax invoice at all; its written "PROVISIONAL BILL". I am really worried if my debited money (extra amount of Rs. 1881/-) will to my account at all, or if my bank replies that its not a case of transaction failure, but an actual debit authorized by me.
Misty_Mountain : 619 : Location : Hotel is at great location. Good service and staff were nice. Food was amazing. We booked a valley view room, the view was so cool. We were worried about the our car driver's stay but hotel arranged a nice service room for driver.
Misty_Mountain : 620 : Valley view rooms : It was a pleasure experience staying at Misty Mountain, the rooms were very well maintained with courteous staff, and the location was the best thing about this hotel admist the tea gardens. The view was mesmerizing from our room. Very much recommended hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 621 : Excellent hotel with fantastic views, : Excellent hotel with fantastic views, nice service. Food is awesome. Good breakfast options for north Indians. Valley view room is excellent for family. I would love to go again and recommend to others as well.
Misty_Mountain : 622 : Wonderful place to stay : Location is too awesome. I enjoyed 2 nights stay in the misty mountain. Service staff were very helpful. It's complete value for money. I recommend my friends to this hotel to stay. My kids enjoyed the place and food
Misty_Mountain : 623 : Not value for the money. : The location of the hotel is very good, but the rooms are very small, not clean. The restaurants food is also not that good. The bathrooms are very small and has no ventilation. I would not suggest this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 624 : Beautiful clouds inside the room ... : Though a little far from Munnar city, but the place is worth staying ... Beautifully located at the cliff of the mountain, it gives you the best view possible! Room Services and food also nice. Would opt again on my next visit.
Misty_Mountain : 625 : Best in Munnar : Be it inside or outside, it's the best resort in Munnar. Very gracious staff with excellent service .. Many options for breakfast, lunch & dinner with quality food. My kid enjoyed a lot in the play area and we got the best sight of Munnar from the parking of the resort. Believe it or not you don't need a sightseeing if you stay here as beauty of Munnar is just outside the resort.
Misty_Mountain : 626 : Good stay. : Good stay. Place is away from traffic and Munnar town. It is close valley. Beautiful view during seasons. Value for money. Accessibility can be improved. If you have private transport and don't mind 30 min drive for amenities, this is your place.
Misty_Mountain : 627 : Very good location and service : I would like to rate the hotel a five star because of the location. Very pleasant atmosphere. A nice location with very much attractive rooms. I felt relaxed by staying here. Fog can be seen through the windows. Food is little bit expensive because of GST
Misty_Mountain : 628 : Experience was very bad. The : Experience was very bad. The room was very small with least facilities ... No toiletries was there ... For every small thing we have to ask them ... Smelly rooms ... Stinky cups ... Only good part was food ... Overall experience disappointing.
Misty_Mountain : 629 : Comfortable stay as such Munnar : Very nice valley view rooms are good location is perfect. Comfortable stay as such Munnar was best place in Kerala. Hotel has a beautiful mountain view so take valley view room. Only issue in room was not having properly light so it becomes dark in night. They should use proper tube lights.
Misty_Mountain : 630 : Overall nice experience, value for money : Excellent location and room cleanliness, however room comfort (temperature and moisture control) should be improved. Other extra facilities are average I. E. Campfire and music was not satisfactory. Room service was good no doubt. And overall value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 631 : Good stay for two nights : Hotel Location was fabulous as it was quiet a distance from the main Munnar town. We had four rooms in this hotel, the issues of my concern was the lighting in the rooms are insufficient including the position of the lights in the rooms. There aren't much options in the buffet dinner menu. W We appreciate the hotel staff who took the initiative to work on the lighting system when we complained. Over all it was a good stay there and can be recommended.
Misty_Mountain : 632 : View & Stay : It was foggy when we were there but still amazing experience, the food is awesome and that recreational activity room was fun. I guess it is always foggy so mark it before booking as per your priority
Misty_Mountain : 633 : God place to stay withina reasonable cost : Good place, Reasonable cost, Facilitates are available for all types of travelers. Location is connected to all locations in Munnar easily. Just on the Highway. The staff is supportive and helpful for any of our requirements. Arranges our requirement within the shortest time. I stayed there during 29. 09. 2017 and 01. 10. 2017
Misty_Mountain : 634 : Absolutely lovely stay. Would love to stay again. : Excellent hotel at a reasonable price. Extremely helpful staff though they were full due to long weekend, they never denied us any service or request we made and it was looked after immediately. Views from the hotel is just fabulous. It stands true tonits names- misty mountain panoramic views.
Misty_Mountain : 635 : My family like food of this hotel very much : I stayed with my family from 27. 9. 17 to 29. 17 in this hotel. Food is good. Location is good. Good room service. Staff are polite in nature. Very spacious room. Bathrooom neat and clean. Hot water always available. My family enjoyed a lot. Recommended for others to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 636 : Location and view is great : They need to improve on room service facility, room serive like tea and water and daily needs are not up to standard per charges taken location and food facilities are good. Photo shoes view and outer look which is great.
Misty_Mountain : 637 : Good services. Polite. Good ambience. : The view outside the hotel was breathtaking. Very spacious room. The service was very good. Staff also very polite and helpful. Overall family was happy with the weekend getaway. Food was good but there is opportunity to improve. The spa services was also very good.
Misty_Mountain : 638 : Nice view from valley view room : Room was pretty good. View from the room was awesome. It's 7 km before Munnar town( if you are comng from cochin) food was good but expensive. Not much extra facilities apart from kids play room. Suitable for couples or small families.
Misty_Mountain : 639 : Wonderful experience : I booked a standard room but they upgraded me to valley view room. The valley view is fantastic and very scenic. Parking space is limited but not faced any issues during the stay. Overall very much satisfied with the stay and I would recommend to others.
Misty_Mountain : 640 : Good Hotel. The parking space : The hotel parking was not sufficient even the camp fire was not arranged. The food was pale. Breakfast buffet was good. Good Hotel. The parking space needs to be bigger considering the hotel size. The breakfast was good. The food was pale and tasteless. Reception was small had to wait for check in and check out.
Misty_Mountain : 641 : Wonderful stay ... : Thanks for making our trip wonderful .. Food and hospitality was awesome .. Nice view from the hotel. We booked valley view room. Room service was excellent. They changed the bedsheets on daily basis.
Misty_Mountain : 642 : Poor hotel : Room are not good. Hevay noise in some soon of I'm canteen blower. You can't sleep. Than change room 321. The room having bad odor whole night. We carry our the keys with us & they not clean the room whole day when I come back & request them for change bedsheets & towels. After 3 or 4 request house keeping person attend my room & change my bed sheet & towels. In same uncleaned room I spend one night. They replied me that you are not tell us to clean room... They have very poor, shameless & hopeless answer regarding this. Rooms very old construction & one wall of my room happing water coming. They are very cheap not provide toothbrushes. Please suggest carry toothbrushes with them. There is no space for walk outside of hotel. Snacks is very poor quality. Overall it's very bad experience with this hotel. So request you to please not suggest people to book this hotel. Too many bad comments on same.. Its literally water of my money. Regards, Dnyandev Nalkande 9822654273
Misty_Mountain : 643 : Best view in Munnar : Room and Breakfast was awesome, worth staying, it's not in Munnar town but its just a 10 mins drive to Munnar, Tea gardens are all over the place, being on a hill top, parking space is a bit on the lower side.
Misty_Mountain : 644 : Average hotel : Do not spend much money for this hotel. It is like 1 star property. You will find better hotels and resort there with better price like plum judy. I spend 7400 for 2 nights however when I entered the hotel and room I realised that it was my biggest mistake to book this hotel. Food is not good. I guess 1k is more than enough for this hotel. Rest is your choice. People not helpful enough.
Misty_Mountain : 645 : Very nice location, great service and food quality : The restaurant had multiple options for veg & non Veg, the food quality is very good and the staff is very professional and courteous. The rooms are very spacious and well equipped. The resort is very children friendly and had a very good community space for children on the 5th floor.
Misty_Mountain : 646 : Beautiful scenic beauty : Rooms were Good and spacious. It's very near to Munnar. View from rooms specifically from valley view room is awesome .. Rooms are clean. Service is also good and quick. Food in hotel restaurant are also good. We stayed here for 2 days and found our stay very comfortable.
Misty_Mountain : 647 : Great location : Nice location. Good staff. Pleasure treatment. Great vacation experiencefor family. We enjoyed. Good view to see the valley and mountains from 4th floor. Good breakfast. Value for money. We re commented for family's.
Misty_Mountain : 648 : Awesome location : Good room, the location is awesome, however the approach road is not that good. Could do with better taxi services. Best to leave the hotel in the morning hours for sightseeing otherwise you may meet the cloud gods in the afternoon with rains. Afternoon and evening views from the hotel room and cafeteria are the highlights of this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 649 : Location is same as name indicates : Room was clean, food is okay. The room looks exactly same as website images. Their services are good. Little more improvement in parking slot required. The location is excellent. Really value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 650 : Hotel is on the main : Hotel location is on the main road to Munnar. Valley view rooms are better. We could not get valley view rooms as they were full. But hotel staff upgraded our booking to suit as we were three people. Food is good and complimentory breakfast is very good. This hotel has all modern facilities and interior. We will love to come again but next time with valley view rooms
Misty_Mountain : 651 : Overall experience is very good. : Location is very good, easy to reach. Room is very clean & room service is also very good. Complimentary Breakfast is very good. Staff is very helpful. Food is costly but tastey. From Standard room you can not see views.
Misty_Mountain : 652 : Value for money : Hotel location is good. The roof top have a secret garden from there you can take selfie and photos of tea plantation. The valley view room have a great view but the rooms were small. The tea plantation is also very near. The hotel staff was friendly and quick to respond. The breakfast was also good.
Misty_Mountain : 653 : Valley view was worth the extra : If you get a chance get the valley view rooms they are awesome. The staff was very helpful and considerate of our needs. The morning buffet was also very good as they provided something good for every body. The location is slightly away from Munnar (8km) but that's good as there is a calmness here. For trekking enthusiasts there is a must checkout trail to the back of the resort (accessible from the top floor). The restaurant is expensive that was the only down point to this resort.
Misty_Mountain : 654 : Keys-location, valley view rooms and good services : Great view from the room facing directly into the valley .. Looks like you are peeping across the road into the valley. Serene beauty of Munnar can be gazed from your cozy room. The valley view suite is superb. The property as such is well maintained. The amenities are just handy to make yu comfortable through the stay. Ideal for a one or two night stay.
Misty_Mountain : 655 : The standard room was awful, : . Except room it's was great .. Terrace view was mesmerising. Food was food .. Room had leakage. Not as shown in pic. Overall worth the cost but room needs Improvement garden was maintained. Hotel 8 km away from town .. But safe for fly
Misty_Mountain : 656 : Good view from hotel : Big room facing the valley. Rooms and bathroom are clean. Breakfast buffet was tasty and excellent. Food ordered was also tasty. Nice view of tea plantation s and mountains from valley facing room. Enjoyed my stay with family.
Misty_Mountain : 657 : Mine has booked standard room ... View : Mine has booked standard room ... View was horrible ... WiFi connectivity was not there ... Complementary breakfast was good. All other dishes are very expensive. Small parking space. Positives : Value for money. I have booked for 2000 and its worth for that money.
Misty_Mountain : 658 : Very good experience .. Nice stay. : Very good experience .. Nice stay. Location excellent .. Overall value for the money. Campfire also available at night time in rooftop. It was very nice experience. Buffet breakfast amazing. Enjoyed well
Misty_Mountain : 659 : Excellent loaction and valley view rooms are good : Room service excellent. Clean rooms Ideal location Excellent view of the valley Food quality is very good Responsive staff Central location and hence easy to visit other tourist spots and return to the hotel Valley view rooms provide good view os the valley and you can sit and view the mist forming and clearing after some time .. Lovely to watch Breakfast buffet spread is good
Misty_Mountain : 660 : Excellent valley view from hotel room : This hotel is very clean, It is at very good location, Hotel staff is excellent, food is very nice, you get an excellent valley view from hotel room. Price of the hotel is very reasonable compared to the hotels in Munnar. I will definitely recommend this hotel to others.
Misty_Mountain : 661 : Had a relaxing holiday : Value for money, Good food and a few basic amenities available at the hotel. Scenic view from the hotel. About 20 min away from Munnar town. Could take some additional time to visit other places. Overall we had a good and pleasant stay.
Misty_Mountain : 662 : Easy to find : Good to be there but its near main road will here vehicle sound even in night some what annoying ... Other then that confort stay. Due to heavy rain not able to enjoy the camp fire and other additional trekking facility ... Need to hand over car key because of the parking space is very small
Misty_Mountain : 663 : Hotel is located in nice location, good stay : Everything is good and clean, even the view from the hotel is fantastic. Overall I experienced a good stay on my budget. Suggestion is Don't travel from Munnar to this location after 8:30, you cannot see anything in front due to excessive fog.
Misty_Mountain : 664 : Value for money : Loved the location and the lovely blue mountain view. Clean room, good house keeping. Staff are polite. Complimentary breakfast is good, food is reasonably priced. You can't ask for more! Munnar is heavenly to top it all.
Misty_Mountain : 665 : A nice place to stay with family : I rate this as a good hotel. This hotel is around 10km before Munnar when travelling from Kochi side. The hotel is on roadside and easily identifiable even if you don't use google maps. There are enough hoardings. Ensure to book the room with hill view. The mist gives a nice view in the morning and evening. Attached are photos from the room we have stayed. The dinner buffet was not worth the money. Complimentary breakfast was good.
Misty_Mountain : 666 : Amazing location and really good food : Best part I liked about this hotel is location, it's away from crowded city but not too far. Food variety and quality was really good and they even have few items like pasta in buffet which kids can also eat. I felt entry of hotel is bit an issue since its steep, you really can't make out when a vehicle may come from another direction and just one vehicle can pass at a time, but I feel they can overcome if they deploy guards watching vehicle movement closely. Overall very good experience, I am attaching a pic from my room window which gave amazing view of valley. I had booked valley view room which I feel is value for money and best for family stay, not sure about view from another category of rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 667 : Good location : Not so great rooms as shown in the pics, also the room size was little lesser compared to other hotels. Room service was very good and prompt. Good food. Overall its an above average hotel. If the ambience and ventilation in rooms are improved this hotel can be marked above 4.
Misty_Mountain : 668 : Ambience, Location, Food Quality Staff Behaviour e : The hotel is ideally located, Behaviour of staff is very good and also courteous, Food quality is OK, Rooms are clean and well maintained, WiFi connectivity available, View of Valley excellent, Nearest to sightseeing spots in Munnar, Best for Family Stay
Misty_Mountain : 669 : Valley View rooms should be selected : Valley View rooms should be selected... The view is worth... Other rooms without view will be waste.. If buffet dinner is booked.. It's good and value for money... Breakfast is of OK type.. Staff are really helpful and courteous.. Specially one Mr. Kumar I like to take name... Can services can be booked easily... But price is little extra.
Misty_Mountain : 670 : Valley view room and good food : It was a very pleasant experience at Misty Mountain resort. Rooms are very neat and comfortable. I suggest all to go for valley view rooms on 4th floor. You will have awesome view of valley. Location is far from city, but again this is plus point because you can avoid the city traffic and noise pollution. Also it is very near (2 minutes walkable) to Punarjani traditional village which is famous for kathakali & Kalarippayattu daily shows. Food & all other facilities was excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 671 : View from the hotel is good : View from the hotel is good. Area is covered by clouds. Food is very costly and not worth the price. Even the hotel is not worth the price we paid. Would recommend to prefer other hotels in that location.
Misty_Mountain : 672 : Valley view and good rooms : Hotel was good but food was very bad. High cost and not taste at all. We ordered butter chicken an hakka noodles. Also veg pulav was not very tasty. Only raita was tatsy. I would like to stay here next time as well but eat food from outside.
Misty_Mountain : 673 : Awesome Place. Must Visit : Overall a wonderful place with some really well mannered staff. Excellent food and good customer service. The view from the hotel itself is so beautiful which will make you come again. Budget wise was also very reasonable. Total trip was value for money
Misty_Mountain : 674 : Good stay : Location was good, not very far from town, room was OK .. Valley view was awesome, staff was good. Check in and check out was too smooth, reception staff was very good .. Breakfast was good .. Dinner was OK .. Overall satisfied.
Misty_Mountain : 675 : Scenic view from room window facing the valley : Stayed with my family for 2N3D between 13th to 15th Aug. We started from cochin airport and reached at the hotel in 5 hours. In between took halts to enjoy the waterfalls on the way. After reaching hotel the check-in was smooth. We booked room with valley view. Food was good however we feel there should be some more variety in Veg food. Overall the hotel is good with nice view of the valley. They also have secret garden on terrace.
Misty_Mountain : 676 : Nice Stay : Hotel is at night location. Food is good. Extra activity is there like karoke table tenish Carome board Gym is OK If you have kid they charge 750 per kid and provide extra bad it is complsary Staff is very cooperative most of all staff know hindi and english
Misty_Mountain : 677 : Highlights of the hotel is valley view : Overall we are very much satisfied with the hotel with good accommodation and nice valley view from room. I suggest every one who will be travelling to Munnar has to book the room which is at valleyside. Food is little bit expensive. The hotel consists of GYM, nature walk, children play area etc.
Misty_Mountain : 678 : Pleasant experience : If you looking for a relaxed stay and an affordable yet decent and comfortable place to stay at, this is the best place to live in for a 2 day stay. Polite staff, Cleanliness maintained, Ayurveda Spa was the main attraction, Garden view, Trek experience.
Misty_Mountain : 679 : Excellent experience : The hotel was excellent and it's location too. But there were no activity when we went there because of rainy weather conditions the were good sight seeing and the reception a Was too good. I would like to stay again there
Misty_Mountain : 680 : Hotel has great view : Only rooms in the front of the hotel has awesome view, none at the back. Breakfast is nice but dinner is even better. Opt for dinner as well. The plus point of this hotel is good overnight facility for drivers.
Misty_Mountain : 681 : Really misty mountain : Room was good, ambience was good. View from the hotel was very good. We ordered food which was very good .. The hotel didn't have south indian food like dosa. Could have been better if they had .. Evening around 6 oly, one can encounter the mist while going towards the hotel
Misty_Mountain : 682 : Definitely going to visit again : Pros: 1. Clean and big rooms. 2. Excellent location, market is just 7 km. 3. Complimentary breakfast is very tasty, plenty, neatly prepared and on time. In one word awesome. 4. Room service and housekeeping staff is very responsive. 5. Garden to enjoy wide variety of flowers. Cons: 1) Signage to hotel are little confusing, for us it takes 30 min to check for the hotel. 2) closing time for playing area is very early. It should be more than 9 pm.
Misty_Mountain : 683 : View and the hotel attached with this resort : Too good to stay. Will strongly recommend this to my friends also. This is the second time I have come to this hotel. Very highly accessible to all the facilities and far from the regular pollution. Also hotel management will arrange for cab pickup, drop for sightseeing and from airport.
Misty_Mountain : 684 : Very nice hotel with amazing view : Rooms were clean and the staff was very cooperative. Amazing breakfast with different local cuisines of Kerala. The view outside the window were surreal. It has a central location with market just a few kilometers away. I would say it is worth staying in Misty Mountains.
Misty_Mountain : 685 : Misty place ... Nice valley view : Nice valley view. Very nice property... Standard rooms are bit small but valley facing rooms are lovely. Well maintained rooftop garden. Recommended for family traveller. Restaurant is bit expensive and tasteless but buffet dinner is very nice..
Misty_Mountain : 686 : Thoroughly enjoyed our stay : We could see mist all the time. Best area to enjoy nature and treat for eyes. Hotel room was clean. The behaviour of staff was also good. Overall it's a good experience. All sightseeing places are closer from the hotel. We went there in July. The climate was good and it didn't rain much. Food quality can be better.
Misty_Mountain : 687 : Great experience : Great location about 7KMS before Munnar town. The view from the Valley-view rooms is breathtaking. The mist, the tea plantations & the valley look amazingly beautiful together in a single view. The spa is great and the breakfast was good too. Great value for money, highly recommended.
Misty_Mountain : 688 : The view from the hotel is awesome : The view was awesome and the stay was pleasant at the hotel. The location of the hotel is very good at the hill with good service. My room with valley view was awesome overall it was a very good place to be relaxed.
Misty_Mountain : 689 : The location of the hotel-Beautiful view from room : Location - One of the best. The view of the valley is so serene. Opt for a valley view room and one shall enjoy the stay all the more. The rooms and facilities are good but li'l over priced. Food was good - nothing extra ordinary like. MAIN DRAWBACK - THE ROOMS DO NOT HAVE A LATCH FROM INSIDE. THIS CAN BE A CONCERN FOR SOLO TRAVELER.
Misty_Mountain : 690 : Value for money : Rooms are very good. Very clean and Vally view is awesome. Even if you don't get Vally view just go terrace or front you will get whole Vally view. Breakfast is awesome .. Tasty. Evening time you can spend in entertainment zone.
Misty_Mountain : 691 : Awesome stay. Nice experience it's : Awesome stay. Nice experience it's good for couple and family travellers. Valley view room more comfortable than other, view from Valley room mind blowing it's misty mountain I got 408 it's proper room for views ... Rooms and staff are Good and cooperative. I prefer meals option also please add more Kerala dishes for buffet dinner. Restaurant staff one Mr Anal was awesome nice guy. Thank you
Misty_Mountain : 692 : Good Location and too good service : This was our first time to Munnar, we had a very good stay at this place. Rooms were very clean and service was too good. View from the roof top was exotic, altogether it will be a good memory for us.
Misty_Mountain : 693 : Nice view : Superb hotel and nice service. Location is very nice. The staff is very nice and staff is friendly, I surely visit this hotel again and I also recommend the hotels to others. The precise hotel is really amazing, I love to visit again and again, all the best.
Misty_Mountain : 694 : Good : Location is good" The hotel is on the main road, facing Valley. However, they have two rooms types - valley view and garden view. Garden view rooms are not at all worth staying if you want to enjoy the beauty of Munnar. Valley view rooms are amazing. Food is OK, not bad.
Misty_Mountain : 695 : Awesome Valley View : Very pleased with our stay here. Hotel staff was very courteous and caring, helpful. Excellent location with a superb view. Delicious selection of food items. Very thoughtfully planned activities for family, including early morning tour of spice jungle and tea plantation. From manager, to tour guide, to chef, to local staff, everyone was very courteous and humble. Recommend to everyone and would love to stay there again.
Misty_Mountain : 696 : Location is good : The hotel is on the main road, facing Valley. However, they have two rooms types - valley view and garden view. Garden view rooms are not at all worth staying if you want to enjoy the beauty of Munnar. Valley view rooms are amazing. Food is OK, not bad.
Misty_Mountain : 697 : Awesome Experience : Amazing experience name of the hotel really means it self once we reached hotel it was full of Mist and when we enter the resort it was such a beautiful feeling and super clean and had a great traditional massage experience amazing stay looking forward to visit again.
Misty_Mountain : 698 : It is good to be there. : It is nice and clean place. Food was awesome. Services provided by the staff is also tooo good .. I personally recommended every one to visit or stay over there you havr a great experience. Happy staying
Misty_Mountain : 699 : Excellent front desk service : Average room service. The quality of the food was good but the quantity is very less as per standard. Apart from the above, some of the common dishes are very poor. Chicken fried rice was served without a slice of chicken. Single boiled egg was served in the complimentary breakfast etc. Overall we were not satisfied with the service of the restaurant.
Misty_Mountain : 700 : Despite all odds, manager and staff : The rooms were dimly lit and floors were unclean. The hotel is situated 8km from the main city, and food is below average. The rooms arent looked after or cleaned in our absence by housekeeping. Evening are without any programs which is prevalent in other resorts nearby. However, the hotel staff is courteous and helpful.
Misty_Mountain : 701 : The location and food were Awesome : Location was awesome and the atmosphere was so romantic. Staff behaviour also good. Breakfast menu was fantastic. Easily accessible from town and thevrooms were clean. I like to express my pleasure.
Misty_Mountain : 702 : Will stay in future : Stay was excellent will stay in future. Staff was good. The facility need some extra activities like swimming pool, zip line which our kids were asking us. Hope the management will provide with more amnesties in future. Shyju varghese Dallas, Texas USA.
Misty_Mountain : 703 : Stay at misty mountain resort : One of the best resort I have ever seen in terms of cleanliness location behaviour of staff and hospitality. I would rate 5 out of 5 for misty mountain resort. Best place to stay in Munnar if you are planning for holiday.
Misty_Mountain : 704 : Hotel is located at a very good location : Everything except the physical location of the hotel is BAD. Bad rooms, bad service, bad food, front office people try to cheat and extract more money. They took Rs. 1000 for me just to give me a valley view even when I had booked a valley view room on makemytrip website.
Misty_Mountain : 705 : Location is excellent : Recently visited Munnar. It was a good stay. Hotel is value for money. I booked two rooms for two days. Rooms were clean. Location is excellent and near main road. Breakfast was good and had many options. They have spa inside hotel which was a best thing.
Misty_Mountain : 706 : Value for your money : Stayed in valley view room and you can see as far as you can. Hotel has 2 lifts so not much problem for the elderly persons. Compelitary breakfast is good and has live counter too. They have secret garden and daily bonfire
Misty_Mountain : 707 : It was a good experience : It was a good experience to be there with family, very nice and supportive staff, nice location outside city nearly 8kms, neat and clean room and washrooms, very good food, well maintained gym, a beautiful secret garden, children play area, proper parking area. Overall very good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 708 : Great place : Misty mountain was excellent but the Experience was bad and this is not because of Misty mountain. The hotel was great but the service offered by MMT was horrible. We have booked the rooms for some other date and MMT changed the date at their portal because of which our stay was only for a day. Disgusting service by MMT.
Misty_Mountain : 709 : It's a very good hotel : The hotel is at a very good location amidst an excellent natural beauty. Waiting time at reception was short. The breakfast served was quite good. Variety of items are served from which guests can select as per their liking. The service was reasonably quite good. The room provided was very good.
Misty_Mountain : 710 : Pleasant stay : Staff were really good, food is an absolute fit for north Indians. Rooms were well maintained and were clean always. Mountain view is awesome, especially early morning window view was amazing with clouds pouring down. Worth staying in the valley view rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 711 : 24/7 room service : Nice location located near Munnar town. Very clean and neat infrastructure. Complimentary food was awesome. Wi-Fi quality needs to be improve. Valley view rooms are very nice. Servers and receptionist are very kind and helpful.
Misty_Mountain : 712 : Good Location Hotel : Place is satisfactory. We did one day stay there. We found rooms were not ready when we reached and found room floor was sticky. Phone was not in running position. But once we complain they mange it satisfactorily. Breakfast quality is good. Overall it is satisfactory experience there. This property Location is very good.
Misty_Mountain : 713 : Good hotel in Munnar : Hotel misty Mountain location was good. Nice tea garden view from hotel. Rooms were OK. Service was OK. Food, liked the breakfast. But dinner preparation time was more. Food quality could have been better.
Misty_Mountain : 714 : View from the room was awesome : Hotel is good, specially the food if you are from the northern side of India View from the room is awesome Staff is good and the garden on the roof of the hotel is good Take a walk there in the morning hours you feel very calm Tea gardens are 10 steps away from the hotel Only thing is hotel is 5 km from the main town so you should have your vehicle with you,
Misty_Mountain : 715 : Hotel is located at a : Hotel is located at a prime place where you could access all the place within 15 to 20 mins of travel. Food served is good and their service they offer is the best. They even helped us out of their own interest on our travel route to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 716 : OK stay : Hotel stay was OK. Rooms needs improvement. No locker inside the room. Place is beautiful but hotel is far from Munnar city. It's almost cloudy. Hotel is just 3 star and food menu needs to be improved
Misty_Mountain : 717 : Only Double valley view room : Misty mountain is an amazing hotel to stay at Munnar .. Delicious buffet served at breakfast and dinner .. Double valley view rooms are worth spending money not other rooms .. The view from our room was magnificent ... But the staff is clueless about the travel agencies over Munnar .. Unlike other hotels they should also have a good travel agency associated with them
Misty_Mountain : 718 : Room : I was a great experience very nice hotel room was very nice and the loc is the only draw bak its 7 kms far from the town consider to other hotels its very close ... Fud was also nice and value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 719 : Very good location .. View from : Very good location .. View from room was relaxing with lots of green .. Food was tasty .. Felt the food prices could have been less .. That was at the costlier side .. Breakfast was really good with lot of options .. Rooms were clean .. Friendly staff ..
Misty_Mountain : 720 : Location, professional staff, awesome food : The location is about 8 km from Munnar town on the cochin highway. Name itself justifies as it will be always greeted by mist mostly from afternoon to the valley view rooms. Facilities are of 3 star as they claim. Rooms are neat. Breakfast is awesome. Two restaurants for buffet and individual orders. Spa, campfire, play area for kids, gym, karaoke etc all are in place and running. Complimentary water bottle, hot water kettle, sugar, milk powder, tea bags & coffee Instant sachets supply daily.
Misty_Mountain : 721 : Nice resort at very good location : It was good experience to be there, over all its value for money. It's at very good location and view is excellent from resort although activity hall was little suffocated. Otherwise everything was good neat and clean rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 722 : Everything was fantastic : This hotel is on perfect location. Rooms are clean. Room service is good. Food is tasty, we enjoy very much. Gym is good. Activity room is good for children. Camp fire is good. Secret garden is good. Everything is good.
Misty_Mountain : 723 : Best location and best hospitality in Munnar : This is very best good place as far as location concern. I stayed for 4 days and mostly hotel was occupied. It's good value for money place. Breakfast was good, terrace garden is surprise element. Hotel is highly accessible as it's on main road itself. Morning or evening walk is safe and fun filled with fog due to high altitude of hotel. If you observe, hardly there is a property at this altitude in Munnar. Most hotels are in valley rather than in mountain edge. Apart from that they served all my non food room services within 5 minutes. Really good hospitality. Choose Valley view room if your budget permits. Enjoy!!
Misty_Mountain : 724 : Very good room : We asked for a valley view room whule check in but didnot get the same. Other than that things are excellent with this hotel. The lift was not properly wreaking durin our stay causing some inconvenience.
Misty_Mountain : 725 : Value for money : A great place to spend some good time with your family.. Excellent service and good facilities The rooms are also well maintained and the support staff are very friendly Overall it was a great experience.
Misty_Mountain : 726 : Good location, You will get good view in the night : Dinner is good but Lunch is very much ordinary. There is a problem with Hot water. It is around 20 km from the Munnar. So overall experience is good. But can be improved upon the room facility and food at the restaurant especially in the lunch and Break fast. Thanks. Also can be improved on the extra amenities.
Misty_Mountain : 727 : Truly Misty Mountains as the Name suggest : The view of the valley from Deluxe Room was very nice. Resort is clean and neat. Food was good and the staff was courteous. The best part is that it has indoor play area for kids on the 5th floor along with other sports for adults like table tennis, chess, carom. The camp fire on the terrace was excellent. Overall experience was very good.
Misty_Mountain : 728 : Good location but improve the facilities : This Hotel is located outside the busy Location of Munnar, so if you prefer a silent area with a Green View and get relaxed, Select this Hotel. The Rooms and Toilet are Clean. Room Service is Excellent. The Food need to improve. Also need more Parking Space, its like a packed parking. Now we need to keep the Car Key at Reception. One Bottle of water is complementary for a Room where we 2 Adults and 2 Kids stayed is not fair, and if we need more water. We need to pay Rs. 44/- for a bottle of water. The same Bottle of water is charged Rs. 20/- outside the Hotel. I don't understand where this Rs. 24/- goes.
Misty_Mountain : 729 : Good hotel to stay : Overall good. Accommodation good ambience clean resort. Food average. Restaurant - a la carte quite expensive. Activities less. Secret garden maintained well. Karaoke entertainment in activity area was good.
Misty_Mountain : 730 : Truly amidst Misty Mountains! : As the name of the hotel suggests its truly amidst Misty Mountains! The view of the valley was mesmerizing. Hotel is clean and neat. Food was good and the staff was courteous. The best part is that it has indoor play area for kids on the 5th floor along with other sports for adults like table tennis, chess, carom. Also has karaoke system for singers and I loved it. There's terrace garden and also a trekking path from the 6ht floor! All in all it is a very good hotel and I will love to visit again and recommend too!
Misty_Mountain : 731 : Awesome place to stay : The hotel was located at a very scenic place and it was very well maintained. Liked the warm welcome of the staff and also breakfast was awesome. Couldn't have asked for more in 1 day. I wish I could have planned more days in Munnar to enjoy the hotel amenities like spa, barbeque etc.
Misty_Mountain : 732 : Good : Hotel location is good it near by the mountain. We stayed hare for 2 nights standard room is not good but deluxe room is great and view from the room of tea garden is owe some. Breakfast was tasty and staff behavious is nice
Misty_Mountain : 733 : Nice place, humble staff and very good food : I took Deluxe Valley view room. I was expecting the valley view from both windows in the room. [Thats how deluxe room are different from other rooms where you have only one window. Somehow I got the room on the first floor so I got the view from the first window only, not from both. The second was facing some wall, so next time would prefer the room on higher floors. Other than that everything was so good. The hotel is located near place where you can easily get the bus, auto etc. And also they have secret garden I loved it. Also the food was so good and staff is also very helpful. I would definitely visit it again.
Misty_Mountain : 734 : Excellent location : View of Valley seems very good from valley view room, When cloud are formed in the sky it looks very amazing to view the valley. Rooms are well maintained and staff response are very good. Breakfast is good, still some more south Indian verities may be added
Misty_Mountain : 735 : Simply superb, exotic views, : Great choice of hotel if you want to stay in Munnar. Very reasonable if you compare the service, food, location, room quality, view, facilities and hospitality. It is a complete hotel. Breakfast served is really nice and has a good spread. Enjoyed the stay
Misty_Mountain : 736 : Good : Nice and clean Rooms and Bathrooms .. With great service. Location wise is perfect ... The back side jungle view is good .. Excellent restaurant and reasonable prices .. Overall my experienced is Very good ..
Misty_Mountain : 737 : Entertaining stay : Good hotel at a good price. Packed with interesting activities like karaoke, play area, secret garden and camp fire. Spent some good time in the resort by enjoying the above activities. My Valley View room had good view of the valley, especially in the early mornings. Buffet breakfast was good and the spreads were fine. Live cooking was attractive and we'll get hot tasty food. The traditional foods like appam, puttu, pazham pori, kallappam were highlights in the breakfast. We had dinner in their Galaxy Restaurant, which was good but needs lots of improvement in their Chinese dishes like Fried rice, noodles, etc. Finally the best thing is that the staff were very courteous and hospitality at its best. Overall I enjoyed staying at this resort.
Misty_Mountain : 738 : Good Hotel and views : A very good hotel with very good views especially the Valley view Rooms. Very well maintained hotel. The only letdown was service provided by the hotel. The adjacent tea gardens provide breathtaking viewsvfrom the rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 739 : Good hospitality & awesome food : Good location... Roof garden is a different exp.. Mountain views are awesome.. Room services shall be bit improved.. Worth stay for the money spend.. Parking is bit congested.. But it's quite OK.. Hospitality is very good.
Misty_Mountain : 740 : Only for the view : The location is good but back side rooms does not have any view. The restaurant service is very poor & if we order from the room they charge extra 10 present of service charge. Food quality is also very poor. They doesn't know the differences? Between phulkari & Chapati. Guests are forced to order food to room. The facilities are less for the money.
Misty_Mountain : 741 : Nice location : Stay was good... Good food... Nice location... Hill view was there... Parking and driver room provided.. Silent location... Worth for money... Need 2 days for sight seeing... A bit hot during may... No AC was there... Managed to stay...
Misty_Mountain : 742 : Quite and peaceful : Awesome experience. A nice place to spend quality time with family. Crew of the hotel are at service and did a wonderful job. I would recommend this to all families. They have a kids area and campfire setup as well.
Misty_Mountain : 743 : Nice Location & View. Worth for money : Nice location, Clean rooms& the facilities are good. Good hotel to stay with family. Only issue was the front desk were searching for the room key which was handed over to them in the morning. In fact they were asking whether we have them. Finally they could find it out in the room which was taken By housekeeping & left the room without cleaning.
Misty_Mountain : 744 : Good clean spacious rooms. Location : However we were not given access to games like carrom board and table tennis though we were promised. However we were not given access to games like carrom board and table tennis though we were promised.
Misty_Mountain : 745 : Highlight of this hotel is the location : The room is very clean, though it has been renovated the furniture in the room tells the age of the hotel. The free Wi-Fi connectivity is very poor I got the login and password only on the second day people in the front office were sitting system down issues. The complimentary breakfast was average otherwise the rate in the restaurant is little on the higher side.
Misty_Mountain : 746 : Great location : Great location very close to the city and tea estates close by to kathakali and martial arts place beautiful view from the valley facing rooms nice buffet spread for breakfast and dinner overall good place to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 747 : Good mist around the hotel : A good hotel but the service is average. Food was excellent. One could enjoy the landscape view from the hotel room. One should check the bill clearly as they are charging unnecessarily. Overall it's a great value for money hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 748 : Valley view room is very nice : Room service is very poor. Lift service is too slow. Complimentary break fast is so. Car parking is hectic. The view of the room is very nice. The reception persons not responding in time. Remain all are OK.
Misty_Mountain : 749 : Average Stay : The hotel is not worth the money you paying. No AC in room, average service, very poor WiFi, staff must be trained for better customer experience especially one in reception, they don't even know how to smile and they don't know how to address the customer. Spa was not so good and felt it's overrated. We hired a cab for sightseeing, on the way we heard the driver shouting and abusing at another driver, whatever the matter is this not at all acceptable and again it was not worth the money. The hotel staff didn't give us an idea about waterfall and all which was actually not there in this season but we took a package including this. When I came back and checked with the staff they just simply said it's not the season. I didn't find the hotel so clean too. We actually checked out a day before our actual check out because of all these issues.
Misty_Mountain : 750 : Rooms not up to the mark. Breakfast : Rooms very not up to the mark. Stains all over the wall. Lacks in maintenance. Breakfast options very limited. Wi-Fi work at a moderate pace. Location is good. The view from hotel is nice. Service is average.
Misty_Mountain : 751 : Roof garden : Good location. Staff are very attentive. Food is good especially dinner. We enjoyed roof garden in morning. WiFi is not o. K. Camp fire and other resort activities to be clearly announce to the guest. Overall experience is good
Misty_Mountain : 752 : Good view from hotel and good infra at hotel : Positives: 1) Excellent location with view of tea gardens. 2)Good breakfast quality, particularly kalappam. 3) nice garden on hill connecting terrace. 4) They have Gymn, Games playing area etc. Negatives: Hardly any. Food at restaurant is costly and serving size is small. But good food overall.
Misty_Mountain : 753 : Excellent location of the resort ... : It was pleasure to stay here in misty mountain resort. Location is superb with a great view of valley from Valley side rooms. Room and wash room both are neat and clean. Hotel staff is very helpful. Breakfast is mix north indian and south indian. Very tasty.
Misty_Mountain : 754 : Hotel is 8kms from Munnar : Room is having damp smell and it's very small in size. Washroom is very small. They provide water heating kettle with tea/coffee sachet. Extra bed is provided on 1000/rs per day charge !! In the same rate you can room in Munnar. Restaurant food and service needs to be improved, not up to the mark.
Misty_Mountain : 755 : Location is good. Not good : Location of hotel is good. But they don't have kids play area and activities for children .. Food is tasty. Rooms are good. Hotel management upgraded my room this is good hotel in terms of value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 756 : Location of hotel : Misty mountain is undoubtedly the highest rated hotel of Munnar, the hotel offers excellent stay at affordable prices. The staff is okay. The complimentary breakfast offered is delicious. The roof top garden is superb.
Misty_Mountain : 757 : Great Hotel close to Munnar town : Located right on the main road to Munnar town. Spacious and clean rooms and bathrooms. Room service is prompt. Get valley view if you're staying for more than a day. You get to enjoy the mist in the morning. Buffet breakfast is great. There is a garden behind the hotel leading to a coffee and cardamom plantation. They have bonfire on rooftop every night.
Misty_Mountain : 758 : Nice view of valley & helpful staff : Except the fact that hotel is 8km away from Munnar, everything else was decent about hotel. There's a 1hr trek from terrace to flower garden and spice garden, but it was closed during our stay because of leaches.
Misty_Mountain : 759 : A good hotel : Misty mountain resort is a good hotel located at a very beautiful location. The staff is very courteous and will help you in every possible way. You can get a very good view of the valley from the hotel. I would recommend this to someone who wishes to spend 3k-4k on hotel and is looking for a relaxed stay.
Misty_Mountain : 760 : Front facing rooms were quite good : Front facing Rooms were quite good, very airy and full of natural light and of course a very good view of sprawling tea gardens. But this was not the case with standard rooms. Very dingy and very less amount of light. Location is perfect.
Misty_Mountain : 761 : Value for money : Great location. Awesome service. Valley view from the room is superb. Hotel staff are very helpful and well behaved. Food was average. Easy access to all scenic places in and around Munnar. Value for money
Misty_Mountain : 762 : Nice : Nice stay at hotel this is my business trip so I stay only one night, hotel location is good front desk staff is very coprative but good is not very good and overall service is nice number is also decent place
Misty_Mountain : 763 : Excellent stay : Stayed in standard room. These rooms are at the back side of the hotel so do not offer any valley view. However the hotel itself is located 7 km away from the main city and hence has decent natural landscape. The hotel terrace is open to all and one can go to the terrace to enjoy the valley view. Rooms are fitted with ceiling fan, TV. Electric kettle and provision to make tea in room is there. 24 hr hot water supply is there.
Misty_Mountain : 764 : Good Experience : Pleasant experience in Misty Mountains Resort. Staff was friendly and restaurant food was tasty. Clean and peaceful hotel to stay in. Bonfire was enjoyable. Overall, it was great experience and we enjoyed our stay.
Misty_Mountain : 765 : Slippery bathroom. Rest superb : Location is good, the view from terrace is superb, the entrance to forest from terrace is unique, the only draw back was slipping bathroom kid broke a tooth slipping down in bathroom, rest all was good ..
Misty_Mountain : 766 : Good stay in Misty : I stayed at Misty resort for 2 nights and my stay was comfortable and nice. * Hotel is about 6-7km from Munnar town and it is located up the hilltop. * The view from the hotel is awesome and mesmerizing. * Go for package with breakfast included, they really serve a very good breakfast. (Buffet). Lunch and dinner is okay. * Hotel staff is friendly and the rooms are spacious too. * I found the car parking facility is bit compact but adjustable. *Value for money. I recommend misty hotel for a memorable and comfort stay.
Misty_Mountain : 767 : Had a great stay : Had booked a standard room. On arrival we were offered an upgrade on a discount which we accepted. Room was spacious and had great view of mountains. In hotel entertainment was good. Hotel as own rooftop garden to explore. Breakfast and dinner were up to our expectations.
Misty_Mountain : 768 : Good place to stay : Very suitable for stay with family. More clean. Recommend to all people. Room service also good. Food was very nice. Everything OK in this hotel. Next time I will surely book on this hotel only. Excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 769 : Great location and service : The hotel's location is splendid with great views of the sprawling tea gardens in front. We were incredibly happy with the service at the hotel as well. The kathakali performance center is at a walking distance as well, so that's a bonus.
Misty_Mountain : 770 : Good : Location and view is greatly but food quality needs to be improved. Reception didn't inform to keep the windows close. Evening full of. Can't say value for money but overall nice experience ...
Misty_Mountain : 771 : Totally worth it : One of the best choices that I have made- staying in Misty Mountain, Munnar. The rooms, the ambience of Restaurant, the buffet breakfast, all the food available were a joy to our taste buds. The service was excellent and the cleanliness was commendable. The staff were really kind and cheerful. To add on, they even had campfire, Karaoke nights and trekking around the hotel campus. Altogether, it was an amazing stay. Would truly recommend everyone.
Misty_Mountain : 772 : Good stay : Hotel is located 7 km before Munnar. View from the room is awesome and the rooms are clean and good as well. Complimentary breakfast was decent but didn't like the taste of the food in the restaurant. Preferred eating dinner out. Overall its a good place to stay
Misty_Mountain : 773 : Best Time in Munnar : Go for Tea estate view rooms and it is worth the money spent. Hotel is clean food is decent and location is superb. Very close to traditional village which has offers kathakali and kalaripayattu shows every day. (05-07 PM) Would like to revisit and stay in valley view deluxe room again.
Misty_Mountain : 774 : Nice stay in top of hill : Location is good stranded by tea garden, welcome by drink, food was good, breakfast was very nice all service were OK but WiFi not working smoothly. Service staff are cooperative. Clearness and room was OK. We enjoyed two days in Misty Mountain.
Misty_Mountain : 775 : Excellent hotel with well appointed staff : It was an amazing stay.. Valley view rooms are awesome.. Easy to reach.. The resort is on the way to Munnar.. Very helpful staff special mention to Kumar took a very care of us.. And food is delicious..
Misty_Mountain : 776 : Value for money : Enjoyed the stay. Location wise bit away from city. View was awesome so enjoyed the stay. Nice facilities available in campus itself to relax. Food is the most what we enjoyed. Value for money if checked stay and food. All request responded quickly. Looking forward to stay once again.
Misty_Mountain : 777 : Go for Tea Garden facing Rooms only : Only Tea Garden facing Rooms are worth staying here as the view is very good where as standard rooms are very dingy with very poor lighting in the rooms. Food is good and reasonably priced also both in ala carte and buffet too.
Misty_Mountain : 778 : Nice location : Hotel is located at a very nice location & that was only the plus point. Remaining I would say only OK not any Wow factor. Breakfast is having a very limited option. They are providing buffet & ala Carte service & but both are not up to the mark. Need the improvement on restaurant side. Front Desk service is excellent. Overall staying experience is OK
Misty_Mountain : 779 : Overall good hotel : Good as far as location is concerned. No big hotels so no option. If planning for longer stay at Munnar choose hotel in Munnar. Breakfast has good choice and so do other meals. Overall good hotel but not astonishing. Staff is good.
Misty_Mountain : 780 : One of the clean hotel. : I had spent two days in misty mountain and one of the most noticeable thing I found about misty mountain is cleanliness of rooms, location of this hotels. This hotel is perfect example of value for money in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 781 : Value for money : It's easily accessible, perfect location, nice valley view from window. Hotel is very clean. Front desk service is very good without much time wasting. Rooms are good size and clean. Beautiful garden on terrace and you could take free tracking. They don't have free Wi-Fi in property. Spacious restaurant and variety of foods. Overall we had good time.
Misty_Mountain : 782 : Awesome location and great backside garden : This was an absolute delight. First of all they gave me an upgrade from normal room to valley view room for free. The view from valley view room is just mind blowing. Overall cleanliness was good. Staff is responsive and quick. They have activities like bonfire arranged in the evening for all the guests. There is a recreational room which had carrom, chess, TT etc. I also liked the garden which is behind the hotel maintained by them. It was so beautiful, full of flowers. Overall it was awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 783 : Smiling staff : Rooms are clean. They arrange cab facility on request. Food is nice. Staff are ever smiling. They do arrange bonfire on roof top. One can reach tea estate in 100 meter walk. Punarjani traditional village is in walkable distance. Cons are city is far, no shops nearby
Misty_Mountain : 784 : Balcony with awesome view : Rooms are not as good as it showing in the advertisement. Service is good as expected. Food was excellent and the atmosphere around the resort fantastic. Swimmimg pool iss not clean and not well maintained.
Misty_Mountain : 785 : It is the finest location : Thanks to the entire team who takes effort to improve the quality in every aspects and it is our family's most preferred hotel in Munnar and again. I advice my friends not to miss the hotel while in Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 786 : Hotel is good for stay : Rooms are not as described but it's good and also service have also remarkable, Cleaness and site of the hotel is at top location so overall all things are goods and we have enjoy all this Munnar place.
Misty_Mountain : 787 : Friendly staff, beautiful view and clean room : We stayed for 3D/2N at Misty Mountain Resort. LOCATION: The location is very good (about 6km from town) with good view of tea gardens. FACILITIES: Punarjani is just across the street (you can enjoy Kathakali dance & Kalaripayattu martial art demo). There are shops selling knick knacks nearby and a Vegetarian Restaurant within walkable distance (Patel's - about 200m away). STAFF: The staff are very courteous and friendly. FOOD: The buffet breakfast is delicious with Kerala style kallappam, puttu etc. 5/5 The restaurant food is OK 3/5 I have only few mildly negative remarks/feedback for improvement: 1) MMR should consider separate veg / nonveg kitchen so that strict vegetarians like us will feel more comfortable eating in the inhouse restaurant. 2) The resort should place easily noticeable banner for visitors coming from Munnar town side. 3) The driver accommodation provides bare bed, they should provide pillows and blankets for drivers too Summary: Great place to spend your vacation with family members. Go ahead and book your rooms, you will not regret.
Misty_Mountain : 788 : Good hotel : Room is so congested, services is good, location is very nice, as per cost not good room, food is not bad. Value of hotels is not as 3star, location from Munnar is good. Outside good restaurants options available near 300 mtr.
Misty_Mountain : 789 : Best location to stay in Munnar : Misty mountain is located few km from the hill station centre on one of the hills with valley in front. As per the name it is covered with Mist all Morning. The food over their is excellent you can try any cuisine and the food is lip smacking. Service is also prompt one of the best holidays I had.
Misty_Mountain : 790 : Fantastic Location & cleanniness : Location: Very nice and scenic place the hotel is located. One can see tea estates and hill view from the windows of the room. Rooms are ventilated. Staff was nice and prompt to help. Situated around 7 kilometers away from the town, the property is very maintained. The hotel has a terrace garden and in house spa.
Misty_Mountain : 791 : Great place to stay in the lap of nature : The Pros... - Location : Very good. Just a few kilometer from all the main activity points. - Ambience : Very nice. Scenic beauty around and from the hotel is really amazing. - Restaurant : Satisfactory. Food is of good quality. - Room : Neat and clean, has basic amenities. - Facilities : The rooftop garden was very well-maintained. I wish we could have taken the trek from the roof, unfortunately it was closed at the time of our visit. The Cons... - Restaurant : The service is poor, I had a hard time making them understand the order. And if we were ordering 4-5 items - a full course dinner - they would bring in all the items at once. Invariably the main course would be cold by the time we were done with the appetizers. - Room Maintenance : Considering the class of the hotel, the room could have been maintained well. One of the rooms out of two which I booked, had a damp feeling. Overall - A very good place to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 792 : Great stay : Location: Very nice and scenic place the hotel is located. One can see tea estates and hill view from the windows of the room. Hotel and rooms: I stayed in Valley view room which was nice and cozy. The rooms were neat and tidy. Various amenities along with hot water available. Nice breakfast with ample options. Dinner options were also nice (both ala-carte and Buffet). The hotel has a terrace garden and in house spa. Hotel staff: Warm helping people. Staff was nice and prompt to help.
Misty_Mountain : 793 : Fantastic Location and impeccable cleanniness : Rooms are well-ventilated, tidy, having a beautiful scenic & serene view of the plantation along with the mountains or the private garden of the hotel. Situated around 7 kilometers away from the town, the property is very maintained and offers a plethora of activities like indoor games, karaoke night, bonfire with DJ on the rooftop.
Misty_Mountain : 794 : Good Hotel but food is not up to the mark : Hotel is 8km away from Munnar but at a great location. I booked value view deluxe but fortunately I got suite for a day as upgrade. Food is not at all good and expensive, also doesn't even justify the charges. Too epensieve. Service is OK but need to impove a lot on food. Visit Hotel Sarvana Bhavan for South Indian food. Its awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 795 : Room service was bad : It was good experience but room service was bad. Location was good hotel was clean and we enjoyed. We called room service 2 times but nobody came to fix the TV otherwise overall experience was good.
Misty_Mountain : 796 : Awesome place to stay in Munnar : We stayed at the hotel in Feb 17. The hotel is well maintained. Housekeeping, restaurant, reception services were top notch. The hotel has a very beautiful terrace garden and they planned camp fire and karaoke over there. They offered complementary cake to us. We enjoyed our stay there and would definitely stay there in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 797 : View from room is beautiful. Food is awesome. : Excellent stay with superb view from hotel room. Even though hotel is 8 Kms far from Munnar, it is located just beside a bus stop (2nd mile). Food is excellent both complementary breakfast and buffet ..
Misty_Mountain : 798 : Location : Staff very cooperative and go to extra length to cover up other limitations Location wise good. Breakfast buffet is very limited and should have been more widespread. We had nice stay but some how felt that ACs should have been in the rooms despite hill station status considering the heat even in Feb
Misty_Mountain : 799 : Good location, rooms little small in size : Hotel location is good, maybe more wonderful in winters as we went in February. The valley view rooms are good. Breakfast buffet options need to increase. Food is little expensive but good. The hotel has flower garden connected through the terrace and is good and they arrange campfire in the evenings.
Misty_Mountain : 800 : Sachin : Good services. Easily accessible to local transport. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We would highly recommend this property. Valley view rooms or higher category will be best suited for honeymooners as the morning view is mesmerizing
Misty_Mountain : 801 : Best hotel : The Hotel is beautiful and the valley view from the hotel is too beautiful. It is having multiple facility to enjoy and spent time with your friends and love one. You can enjoy the night with cosy feeling in front of bonfire at the hotel terrace. Trip of Munnar without this hotel is incomplete. I love it. I hope my feedback will be valuable for someone.
Misty_Mountain : 802 : Good hotel within budget : Nice hotel for vacations and very nice view from hotel. Food is also good. They have Karaoke and bonfire night daily on terrace which adds your holiday with music and dance. Rooms are spacious and services are excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 803 : Very nice hotel : Stay was good and comfortable. The valley view is breath taking and really worth experiencing. Room was clean, service was very good, food was delicious. At night we had camp fire which was a very good experience. Its location is also very good and easily reachable.
Misty_Mountain : 804 : Comfortable stay : Stay was pleasant and very much comfortable. Staff was good. All the amenities were there. Food was good. Awesome view from rooms. Only problem was the location. 8 km from Munnar town. Perfect place for relaxing and spending time with your loved ones But little bit expensive.
Misty_Mountain : 805 : Excellent : Great repeat value. Nice view. Expensive but worth it. Good food and nice rooms. Go for valley facing rooms especially honeymooners. Good facilities like bonfire. Pricing wise there may be concern. If that is not the criteria best place to stay. Hope this helps.
Misty_Mountain : 806 : Value for money, good discount : Good ambience, location, food, view from room, convenient for local site seeing. Buffet was decent. Its 7 km from Munnar town but stay in pluvial hotel offers better view. MMT helped a lot. Can stay and the hotel again. Thanks MMT! Over all value for money
Misty_Mountain : 807 : Superb place to stay !!! : Super amazing hotel. Superb service. Great location. Nice gym, nice play area & beautiful roof terrace. Really nice staff. Very delicious breakfast with lot of variety. Excellent is the word.
Misty_Mountain : 808 : Good hotel : Valley view from room is just OK so in my suggestion, just save some bucks while booking. Suite and deluxe room are not that different. I stayed in both the rooms ( one day upgraded to suite, thanks to hotel management and seriously didn't find much difference in room amenities except an extra room with OK sofa in that. AC is not available in rooms so when you are planning, plan according to weather because sometime necessity of AC is felt in rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 809 : Good stay at Munnar : We went Munnar to stay two days. Booked through MMT app. While checking in they provided Standard room at the Hotel, which below average compared to other Hotels. And, No events at the Hotel for that Two days. We requested Hotel Management and upgraded to Deluxe room by paying extra money. There room was better. They provided complimentary Breakfast for that two days. But, menus were same for two days. Moreover you have to call twice or thrice for room service to get Dental Kit or Hot water.
Misty_Mountain : 810 : Very clean and well maintained hotel. : The hotel is super clean and well maintained. The rooms are big, windy and you get good view of the valley. The hotel has very good understanding staff and room service provided is good and timely. The staff are there to assist every time. Restaurant serves good food too! Worth money spent and a stay at Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 811 : Awesome Hotel : We have booked standard double room in Misty mountain.. We have stayed for 2 nights in the hotel and it was the best stay of our Kerala trip. Rooms were clean and neat. Food was very tasty. Breakfast but It was nice stay Hotel is in market location so everything is available nearby. Breakfast buffet has lots of variety food. I also liked the Terrace garden there. Got a good deal through so overall pleasant stay. I would recommend this hotel to others.
Misty_Mountain : 812 : Nice location : Hotel is situated in very nice location. The service provided was also good but the room lacked some amenities like AC and there was cost for wi-fi. More facilities like shower cap, etc would improve their image. There wasn't proper network in room.
Misty_Mountain : 813 : Excellent location Wonderful Infrastructure well : Excellent stay at hotel. Stayed for 2 days and found everything excellent. Giving the feeling as I am staying in 5 star hotel. Good staff nice view from hotel. Cleanliness all around. Staff was cooperative. Amenities were good. Well maintained rooms. Excellent lighting all around.
Misty_Mountain : 814 : Nice stay ... : Nice stay and good view. Easy to reach because it's in main road only ... I suggest to front view rooms back side rooms only you can see garden ... Restaurant food is nice and room service also good ... Thanks to MMT for a good deal ...
Misty_Mountain : 815 : Good stay : Excellent location, food and rooms. Everything was good except on the day of check out. Had to request many times to them for arranging taxi for my departure from the hotel. Needs more co-ordination among the staff.
Misty_Mountain : 816 : Overall experience was average : Overall experience was average. Except location every other aspect was just average. Specially bathrooms were not at all up to mark. Service was also not up to expectation. The food of the restaurant was up to certain extent good. In my opinion better options could be availed by investing the same amount. If anyone is travelling with family then this can be an option but if for honeymoon or some other special purpose then definitely this shouldn't be the option.
Misty_Mountain : 817 : M : Misty Mountain Resort- Its placed at a very nice place in Munnar, Superb hill veiw, very nice hotel for Honeymooners and people looking for a romantic put up, Hospitality of the Hotel was nice, Food Great, I would recommend people to stay. Nice Lift View, In house experience was great as well.
Misty_Mountain : 818 : Good stay. Room was upgraded : Good stay. Room was upgraded to Royal suites that was additional advantage. Food was good but bit expensive. Nice swimming pool .. Playing area was also nice view from the room. Would definitely stay next time. Book at really nice price at MMT "
Misty_Mountain : 819 : Awesome hotel : Everything is good, hotel interior, room service, cleanliness, mountain view. Only thing the location little far from city but it is manageable. Great hospitality overall is the main attraction of this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 820 : Hospitality is excellent : Hotel is situated at perfect location, not too far from main city. Hospitality is excellent in terms of food, room service etc. Great staff who is always ready to help with maximum effort. Perfect location.
Misty_Mountain : 821 : Awesome : I think this hotel is at the best location of Munnar hills. If you're choosing this hotel then opt for Valley view rooms. Staff are very good. Restaurant has also good quality and taste of food. You'll enjoy.
Misty_Mountain : 822 : Best and economical in whole : Location is perfect during morning breakfast you can see best view of Munnar hills, rooms were neat and clean. They also provide playing activities as well as campfire with music on rooftop is best with garden on top floor. Breakfast was also good, if you are vegetarian then don't worry they consider such things and keep things clean.
Misty_Mountain : 823 : I booked standard double room : I booked standard double room, when I checked in, they upgraded it to Valley view double room without any extra charge. Room was clean, view from room was excellent. Restaurant was very good, buffet dinner (400 per head) was delicious with a variety of dishes. Complimentary breakfast also had a variety of items.. Staff were very polite, helping.. From the terrace you can trek to the hill.. Over all it was a nice experience.
Misty_Mountain : 824 : Wonderful : Hotel is situated on mountain it is very good in quality of service and cleanliness is concerned. They have their own restaurant and provide very good quality of food .. Stay ay Misty Mountain is worth.
Misty_Mountain : 825 : Good hotel to stay with family : The hotel room was very good and they upgraded our room free of cost. Hotel service was prompt. Overall it was good and pleasant stay with family. Complimentary breakfast was also very good with a lot of variety. I would strongly recommend this hotel for the family.
Misty_Mountain : 826 : A decent & nice place : First the good things about the Hotel. The location of the Hotel is good. Also the front view of the Hotel is good. Food & the service in the restaurant is also nice. Similarly, room service, cleanliness, etc was up to the mark. Hotel staff is well trained & professionals. Spa was OK but could have been better. But the room size is quite small considering that I booked Deluxe Room. Also, the price was overcharged. The same room with all facilities was available at less price if booked directly with Hotel compared to Makemytrip. But overall a decent place to stay & spend time in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 827 : Value for money : I was worried when I booked this hotel, as it is 5 km far from Munnar market, but very nice location, scenic beauty, well maintained property, staff are friendly and supportive enough, prompt service. Nice terrace and trekking route from their. Food quality was tastier, 2 food lounge one for buffet and another ala carte. Only negativity of the hotel is you can not take pic from inside the hotel, as it's completely covered with glasses. But definitely best stay in Munnar, wish to be here again on my next visit.
Misty_Mountain : 828 : Very nice hotel : Great hotel to stay 7 kms from city, thats a bit faraway and not near city. But great rooms, room service and delicious food. Slightly higher on price side but its worth it. Really good for honeymoon travellers.
Misty_Mountain : 829 : Excellent : The stay and location of the hotel was fantastic it is worth staying with family, Terrese garden at the top was also very Nice and beautiful. I would like to recommend the party, individual, family to stay
Misty_Mountain : 830 : Awsum : Room was neat and clean .. Location of the place was amazing .. Restaurant needs to increase staff ... Campfire experience really best of all .. Receptionist staff are well behaved .. Memorable stay it was.
Misty_Mountain : 831 : Good view and location : Hotel is located at very good location offering beautiful view of tea plantation (from front valley facing rooms). Property is nicely maintained, towels, WC, Bathroom, Kettle was clean. The rooms does not have AC. There are 2 restaurants, 1 serving buffet and another serving a-la-carte. Food is OK. It has small Kids play area (for name sake), it has karaoke system, carom and Table tennis Table. It has beautiful flower garden on the backside with access to garden from terrace. It offers massage Services but staff or service provider for massage is quite poor, you may avoid taking massage. Local sightseeing information is readily available. Overall, good hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 832 : Wonderful location and service : Great experience. Nice service and staff. Unfortunately we were stuck with the bandh that was called in Kerala at that time but the hotel staff was very supportive. Nice place and nice location.
Misty_Mountain : 833 : There is great stay in : There is great stay in misty mountain the prices are too good and the services they are given in such a cost effective prices is really good the hotel staff is very polite and give their best service. The hotel has its own Plantation is very plus point to spend peaceful time. They also provide with complementary breakfast, the food is very tasty and on request they can serve it at your room
Misty_Mountain : 834 : Could have been better : It's totally average, and had an issue with clean linen, and the staff some unprofessional staff behaviour. Although they tried to get things done better by the second day. Food is fine and I just feel it could have been a better experience. So not writing them off completely, but just a bit annoyed in the beginning.
Misty_Mountain : 835 : Nice place, good breakfast : The hotel is at a nice place, with good breakfast (many varieties), polite staff, quick service, location was awesome, good pleasant valley view, greenery, cleanliness, campfire on the terrace.
Misty_Mountain : 836 : Great! : Great place to live. Nice location. Full valley view from room. Breakfast is nice. Staff is good and cooperative. Rooms are clean and room service is pretty good. Would recommend this hotel if you are visiting Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 837 : Excellent view from hotel. Good and clean hotel : Overall hotel is excellent. Scenec view from hotel is nice. Worth for money. Cleanliness and facility wise good. But they should increase options for breakfast ... Overall good and we all were satisfied with the service.
Misty_Mountain : 838 : Good place to hangout .. : Let me say .. Its a good place to hang out .. Service they provide is good. Parking is good. Breakfast was good. The morning trekking they provide is good .. I didn't really liked the lunch and it was bit costly .. Spa is good
Misty_Mountain : 839 : Exquisite : Amazing it was a wonderful stay there I love it there. Food servicing and room condition was also good. And there was nothing bad about there. Overall the experience was amazing experience & overall good. I had visit there again.
Misty_Mountain : 840 : Great for everyone : Great hotel, helpful staff, can prefer again to stay. Will surely refer it to others. Views are all awesome from the hotel and almost everything is nearby. Food and restaurant is great. Cleanliness and hygienic.
Misty_Mountain : 841 : Good hotel to stay : The ambience is good. Views from the rooms facing the valley was very good. Tariff is quite high at about 6000 for family room. Food quality needs lot of improvement. Choose this hotel only if you are travelling by your own conveyance as it is quite far off from the town
Misty_Mountain : 842 : Value for money : Clean, nicely kept hotel. Value for money. Food was good and reasonable as well. Spa is professional and relaxing. Staff was courteous and helpful. Breakfast buffet could have more items .. Overall good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 843 : Room service was excellent : This is my second visit to Misty Mountain resort. Nevertheless to say rooms were neatly maintained and above all room service was excellent. The view from the room is just amazing and treat for the eyes. Restaurant and Breakfast buffet was awesome. Extremely close to major tourist attractions. Highly recommended to visit this place to take break from the maddening professional life.
Misty_Mountain : 844 : Overall good experience ... But not great for the price ... : Location is good. But rooms are very basic for a 3 star rated hotel ... Complementary breakfast was really great. Yummy. My biggest complaint was the unavailability of ironing facility. They will not provide electric irons and being a 3 star hotel, this is very strange and you can't bring your own too as there will be Rs. 1000 fine if you do ...
Misty_Mountain : 845 : Nice hotel stay : Worth of money very good hotel and they provide good Food without onion garlic also but one thing food are so costly so I suggest overall nice experience staff are very helpful and good behavior so very nice experience we had.
Misty_Mountain : 846 : Cooperative staff and excellent food : Great view if you take view room... Food is excellent. Even jain is separated... Rooms are small quality room(deluxe)... Staff is very good, cooperative and responsible... If I come again then 100% I will choose this.
Misty_Mountain : 847 : A good hotel : Had a decent stay. Rooms were clean and comfortable. We tried veg food and were really tasty! Room service was really good. Hotel is located outside of Munnar town. One can enjoy the morning chilliness and most with hot tea!
Misty_Mountain : 848 : Loved the stay : Stayed one night at this hotel. View from the hotel is excellent. Close to Hydel park and Munnar town. Enough options available in menu for dinner and complimentary breakfast. Will recommend this for all.
Misty_Mountain : 849 : Location : Good location and nice stay. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and the view is amazing most of the time covered with mist justifying the name. The only thing that they need to improve is on the restaurant menu. Rest all are up to mark. Highly recommended.
Misty_Mountain : 850 : Beautiful location, worth the money you spend : Room was very nice, service was timely and warm people everyone, free breakfast could have been better, spa arrangements also could have been better, but I can't complain about anything though, good worth for the money. Camp fire arrangements are also nice. Hotel has a trek route of its own. All in all good place to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 851 : Munnar vacation with family for two days for leisure. : Location wise it's 6 to 7 km away from Munnar town, so for any shopping or for to taste outside food you need to travel to town. Staff are good, rooms are average size and neat. View from hotel is good and breakfast and restaurant is good. There is karaoke and table Tennis, carrom for indoor activities along with 30 min trekking behind hotel. Overall good for family and would recommend.
Misty_Mountain : 852 : Average place to stay : The rooms are very small. Just enough for a couple. The car parking is not enough to handle the crowd. Most of the time its a tussle among people to get their cars out of the hotel. Food is OK. However, the morning buffet breakfast is very good. Punarjani is nearby in walking distance to see live Kathakali and Kalaripayattu performance.
Misty_Mountain : 853 : Good stay : True to its name, its location is quite good. Breakfast was yummy. They also have some good leisure activities like ayurvedic massage, board games, karaoke and bonfire. We stayed for 2 nights and will certainly recommend this place.
Misty_Mountain : 854 : Nice location and good service : The hotel is located 8 KM on the way to Munnar from Ernakulam gives a fantastic view of valley. The service is great and you will be enjoying the food also. Parking space is the only constraint that I found. Though the space constraint is an issue, it is Value for money and you will enjoy the stay.
Misty_Mountain : 855 : Scenic location with excellent food : The view from the room was breathtaking. Service was excellent. Value for money. The menu is very large and the food was very good. Felt greatly relaxed after the 3-night stay. Will choose the same hotel when I visit Munnar next time.
Misty_Mountain : 856 : Very good hotel with good facilities : Awesome hotel with good location.. The best is the valley view room and also hotel provides complimentary trekking and campfire.. Situated 8 km far from Munnar town.. I suggest everyone taking valley view room.
Misty_Mountain : 857 : Awesome Stay. : Awesome Stay. Location is 8 km far from Munnar town. Awesome view from hotel room .. Facilities are awesome and restaurants provide nice food ... Staff behavior is really good ... Resort has camp fire and other activities ...
Misty_Mountain : 858 : Awesome location and good food : The valley view rooms have amazing scenery. Would suggest everyone to go for valley view rooms. The food is good & breakfast has a good variety. The only drawback is that the room size is smaller & parking space is also very limited.
Misty_Mountain : 859 : Excellent Hotel - One of the best location : Good Food, Neat and clean hotel, took executive room and the room had a bang on valley view which made the trip more memorable. Valley. It's the tea estate so those who are Reading can easily understand how it would look like when you have clouds hovering around. That's why this hotel is call as MISTY MOUNTAIN. Had good amenities like Kids Zone, Kerala Ayurvedic Massage center, Games / recreational activity zone and also camp fire is also there. Enjoyed the trip !!!
Misty_Mountain : 860 : Amazing view : Great hotel with amazing view atop a hill !! The hotel is located about 6 kms away from the main Munnar town. They have a trekking facility through tea estates and garden from the fifth floor. Highly recommended. Though the food is great, the quantity that they serve should be checked. It is quite less for the amount paid. Otherwise, a very nice hotel to stay!
Misty_Mountain : 861 : Nice hotel for couples : Superb location & nice staff, also it is on top and near to tea estate which makes it more interesting. Room service is nice and the foods are tasty and worth to order. Dream land is 4km away from this hotel which is nice place to enjoy for couples. Also it is just 8 km before town.
Misty_Mountain : 862 : Beautiful location : Very good location valley view from rooms are awesome .. But no balcony in rooms .. Parking is a problem first day our driver has to go to 8km for parking .. Little bit far from market and crowd so you can relax in hotel .. Good facilities in hotel to keep you and your family engage .. Alacarte food is good .. Need to improve breakfast items :)
Misty_Mountain : 863 : Worth Staying : The hotel seems to be at prime location in munar, very beautiful view of outside from hotel. Food is also excellent with varieties. You can experience tea garden by just looking outside the window of your room, which is totally magnificent. I would prefer this property for all the groups.
Misty_Mountain : 864 : Awesome experience : The hotel location is very convenient. The rooms are neat and clean. They have an in-house Karoake session. Also hey have a terrace garden, children play area, a massage center. The breakfast was very nice and value for money. Overall, a nice experience. Would recommend it if need an accommodation in Munnar
Misty_Mountain : 865 : Very nice Hotel @Munnar : We Stayed there for a night with 4 rooms booked. Although the Location is little away from town, but just at the side of a main road. They do not have landscape area around, but have managed all the possible amenities in a multistories building. They give various options for Breakfast. Overall you can definitely go for this one, for your Munnar Holiday.
Misty_Mountain : 866 : Very Good Resort : I checked in late afternoon. I have been told regarding booking upgrade to suite. The upgrade was not required by me ins ted. The focus light was facing the hotel and also the valley view windows of my suite so it was not possible for us to enjoy valley view. However the facilities and food quality was very good. Morning breakfast was also delicious. The camp fire was told but not arranged.
Misty_Mountain : 867 : Misty Mountain - Value for Money - Don't expect too much : Location just amazing .. Valley view is mesmerizing and one can find mist around misty's location very frequently. But apart from the view and basic room facility do not expect anything more. Food and Staff is OK. It's good value for money as Munnar otherwise is expensive. For some reason we could never feel freshness at all while in the hotel. Lobby smells horrible .. Rooms are small.
Misty_Mountain : 868 : Everything was average : Everything was average. Overall, an average experience. But the charges was a bit high. A 3 star hotel too pricey. May be because I booked this in the month of December. Food rates are high. View from the room was good.
Misty_Mountain : 869 : Nice experience & calm atmosphere : It was a nice experience. Overall, staff were very well-supportive and am totally satisfied. Breakfast they are giving is too good and very calm and cool atmosphere. I recommend this hotel to my friends.
Misty_Mountain : 870 : Nice rooms & value for money hotel : Really nice and value for money hotel. We were 3 persons and has a single room. Room was good and extra bed provided was also good. My kid enjoyed toy room, karaoke room and play area. View from room is very good.
Misty_Mountain : 871 : Superb hotel location and it's facility : I am very excited to post update about this hotel. This is the best hotel in Munnar. The beautiful natural scenery in front of hotel makes this hotel very special. The hospitality by the hotel staff is very good. The room are very clean, all type of food available for veg/non veg or belong to any part of India. The food is very tasty. I have stayed this hotel with my family and we enjoyed a lot here. I will recommend this hotel to everyone who travel to Munnar with family.
Misty_Mountain : 872 : View is good & good food : Food was good. Overall, stay is good. There is very less parking most of time you have to give the key in reception. It can be called as hotel not as resort. Very less amenities. View from the hotel is good.
Misty_Mountain : 873 : Average stay : Average stay at misty mountain resort. Negative side is, resort is situated very close to the road, bit noisy all the time, extremely difficult to sleep at night ... And found difficult to park the vehicle inside ... Except this, everything was fine .. View from room was nice. Well maintained rooms .. Well behaved staff. Served very good breakfast.
Misty_Mountain : 874 : Nice experience : If you take the valley view room you will not regret. The resort is't not very far from city, you can take auto-rickshaw from city it will not take more than Rs. 150 and cab will take Rs. 300. We stayed there for 2 nights and 3 days. It was a very good experience. Room service and Housekeeping service are very prompt. Don't miss the terrace view. In complementary Breakfast there isn't much options.
Misty_Mountain : 875 : Average stay : Misty mountains resorts is truly value for money, the location is really awesome with apt services. Morning breakfast is also good and have plenty of variety. It is nearby to tea museum and many different popular places. We have booked our valley view room which had very nice view from balcony. The garden and spa services are also very good.
Misty_Mountain : 876 : Awesome hotel with great valley views : I have been there for 2 days. Hotel is in top hill 8 kms from Munnar city but auto and cabs are available. Hotel have great restaurant which serves tasty food. Complimentary breakfast is so delicious. In Misty mountain hotel you can enjoy facility like spa, gym, music, games etc. Hotel in clouds, must visit to experience greatness of nature & world class facility.
Misty_Mountain : 877 : Good place to stay : Nice place to stay, good room quality, good food, prefer Valley view rooms for more pleasant stay, almost 8 km far from main town located on main road. I like Good and Healthy breakfast by hotel in morning. House keeping services are good, staff are very supportive, good amenities inside the resort will feel comfort.
Misty_Mountain : 878 : Average stay : Location wise good, food is ok if you are non veg, for veg also ok, rooms are clean but too small and you feel suffocated. Book only if you get a heavy discount on make my trip. Otherwise not worth to spend to much money.
Misty_Mountain : 879 : Perfect place to stay for relaxing vacation : Awesome experience... Clean rooms... Cool infrastructure... Nice amenities... Awesome view from room... Had luxirious stay... All in all best place to stay.. Would love to come back!! Sharing pic from hotel terrace
Misty_Mountain : 880 : Nice location and good stay : Nice location and good stay. Food is average and spicy too but little above average in terms of cost in-fact water bottle was too costly. Candle light dinner arrangements are good. Services are good. Overall, good experience and calm location. Amenities like gym and other things were good.
Misty_Mountain : 881 : Good location & worth for money : Location of the hotel is too good. Facilities are good. Worth of one's money. Morning breakfast is good,, room service is good excellent place to stay for honeymoon.. We are very impressed.
Misty_Mountain : 882 : Excellent stay : Awesome place. Nice hotel. Good service. Good food. View from hotel was beautiful. Booked a valley view room. Stayed for a couple of days. Thoroughly enjoyed. Hotel staff were very courteous, polite and professional. If I get a chance to visit Munnar again I shall definitely book a room in this particular hotel for sure.
Misty_Mountain : 883 : Good staff and food : The hotel cleanliness was good and the staff were friendly too. Location of the hotel was amazing and the food provided in the restaurant was superb too and very affordable when compared to the other restaurants around the city.
Misty_Mountain : 884 : Food is very spicy and also not tasty : Size of standard rooms is not adequate. Lightening system needs improvement. Food was very spicy and also not tasty. They have some recreational activities like roof top bonfire and music which were good. Also some indoor games. Overall one should search for some better hotel in city to enjoy more.
Misty_Mountain : 885 : Had a fabulous experience : I visited this place along with my BIG family and booked 4 rooms. We checked in early still were given rooms immediately. The USP of this place is the valley view rooms, cleanliness, activities like karaoke, trekking, bonfire, games, gym. Etc. Behavior of staff while checking out we were late by few hours to evacuate the rooms, still the staff was courteous. I'd highly recommend everyone to stay at this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 886 : Excellent stay in this hotel : Hotel location is very nice. View from room is awesome. Rooms are clean and staff is very good. Food is awesome and under budget. Price is very reasonable for this room. You can visit hotel garden also available in hotel terrace. We enjoyed our in this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 887 : Very slow service & okay food : Had good room, sufficient size and clean. But very slow service. Food is just okay if you select north Indian, but very good if you take local dishes. Had to wait for over 20 mins at restaurant for Roti. Room service is better. Less selections in breakfast. Overall, location is awesome but service let's it down. Check-in and out efficient and good.
Misty_Mountain : 888 : Good stay : The hotel staff is very prompt on their services and maintain cleanliness and food was average. Location is the best part of this resort. The activities arranged by the resort is engaging and interesting. The trekking experience was good.
Misty_Mountain : 889 : Good stay : Misty Mountain Resort is good hotel. Location also good. Breakfast and dinner also good. In Rs. 400 buffet dinner is excellent. WiFi service is good. Hotel room is ok not clean as required. Staff person is very helpful. Value of money is ok. Overall rating is good.
Misty_Mountain : 890 : Good and comfortable stay : Breakfast and other services were good. The property was clean. The staff was also very helpful. They had also arranged bonfire on rooftop with music. The hotel is value for money forsure. I would recommend it to everyone.
Misty_Mountain : 891 : Good stay and value for money : Good stay... Can be better... Need improvement... Location good. Value for money. Family outing place. Near to Munnar... Roads are very curvy to reach. Good walking. Area around.
Misty_Mountain : 892 : Nice hotel to stay : Value for your money and mind blowing view especially morning And evening... Buffet breakfast as complement is worth actually. I booked rooms through MMT.. Got great deal. Suggesting to you guys.
Misty_Mountain : 893 : Great location and very good service : Stayed 24-27 Aug 2016. Great location, amazing views, very good service and good food spread. Wi-Fi unfortunately was non existent. We also had a hard time calling the hotel on 24th to inform of delay while reaching the for check in. Would recommend the following as areas of improvement: 1) Better handling of phone calls to the hotel from outside. This includes both getting lines as well as addressing the call. 2) Improve WiFi coverage. As mentioned above it was non existent in the room and not very strong in the restaurant 3) Would request dental kit to be included along with the other things provided in the bathroom All in all I would recommend this hotel to my near and dear ones.
Misty_Mountain : 894 : Stay is quite good : Please provide the rooms with wall clock... Other than that the room service was good but the house keeping needs more improvement. Would definitely like to book my room again if I travel to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 895 : Overall nice experience : Rooms are good and hotel is 7kms from Munnar town. Kids play area and games are also available. Hotel also arranges sightseeing if required. Situated exactly opposite to tea plantation and perfect place to stay with family.
Misty_Mountain : 896 : Amazing staff and location : I had visited the hotel in August 2016, key points I would like to mention: 1. Location - the hotel is very conveniently located before the main city center and it is towards the Kochi airport. Easy to approach and you won't miss it. 2. Food - The hotel offer buffet in breakfast and dinner. Food quality very high. They offer ala carte in room service only best of all at no extra charge. Great staff. 3. Front office - The manager is very soft spoken and gentle fellow. Awesome experience.
Misty_Mountain : 897 : Good stay : The hotel is located best possible viewpoint at Munnar. It has absolute stunning view from the valley view rooms. It has excellent service and clean room. Little bit to improve on breakfast menu to consider north Indian menu items.
Misty_Mountain : 898 : Comfortable stay : We stayed in valley view deluxe room with good view facing a tea plantation. The room and toilet was clean. Both breakfast and dinner buffet (Rs400/person) was good. The hotel staff was helpful. The resort was on the way to Munnar. The only issue was that they had less parking space.
Misty_Mountain : 899 : Valley view deluxe room : Room view was very nice. Hotel is value for money (we got good deals from Makemytrip). Food is delicious. They make good north Indian food as well. The staff is courteous and helpful. Also have their own terrace/hill garden which you can climb and enjoy the view of the valley.
Misty_Mountain : 900 : Decent rooms with good service : Rooms were pretty decent with an awesome valley view (we took valley room). Room service and facilities were good. We had buffet breakfast and north indian food in dinner and both were delicious. Would love to stay here again and highly recommend this to all.
Misty_Mountain : 901 : Best location & nice to stay : Don't think for a second if you really want to enjoy serene beauty of Munnar in a true sense. The location of hotel is such that you will be able to see all the tea gardens from your room. Take only valley view room otherwise you will spoil all the enjoyment.
Misty_Mountain : 902 : Great deal & value for money : Staying in misty Mountain was a dream come true... Thanks Makemytrip for giving me such a great deal at no time and value for money. It's awesome and do like to visit it one again if possible.
Misty_Mountain : 903 : Awesome experience : Very nice hotel. Room is wonderful especially we got 4th floor room. View from room is also fine. Very well maintained. Buffet breakfast is also good. Facilities like WiFi, Kids play room, TT room are also there if you are interested. Restaurant food is also good. They use Sun Flower oil and not coconut oil. So north Indians or non-Keralites may not worry. But this is far from actual Munnar. Those who do not have car may face a problem. Overall rating:4/5.
Misty_Mountain : 904 : Excellent view & decent food : Stayed in this Hotel for 2 days with my family. Excellent View from the hotel and best part is most of the times we were covered with Mist that was simply breathtaking. Food is decent, service is good, except for 7 Km distance from Munnar town, it's worth every penny!!!
Misty_Mountain : 905 : Best stay in lap of mountain : The location hotel room, food and room service everything was very good. View from hotel was wonderful. The location is awesome and we had enjoyed the stay there. I would come again it was an awesome place.
Misty_Mountain : 906 : Very good service and facility. : Very good service and facility. We had bed bugs and it was answered to immediately. Staff were very alert and we had our room updated for free. We extended our stay because of the facilities and services provided. We recommend this place to everyone who comes to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 907 : Nice experience : The hotel is located in a nice location, But its bit far from the Munnar town. We got nice view outside and make sure you will get a front facing room, there you can have a very good view in the morning. The overall experience was good with the beautiful Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 908 : Location is superb : Location is very awesome... One should stay in this hotel for relaxing purpose... Terrace garden is very good.. Please see the pic that I have taken from garden.. It is mind blowing.. Don't forget to visit the terrace early morning, it will give you real view of valley and I am sure it will make you feel the real "kick" of this place :)
Misty_Mountain : 909 : Good location and stay : Good location nice valley view but away from Munnar town it's about 7km. Located on road, easily approachable. Staff always ready to help. Next time I will choice misty mountain resort again. So good.
Misty_Mountain : 910 : Good stay : We booked three standard rooms in end of July, rooms are super clean, service is excellent, complimentary breakfast is good but dinner was average in taste with reasonable price! Hot water available 24 hours and no issues faced for our two days stay.. Good choice for the price. Definitely recommend to my friends.
Misty_Mountain : 911 : Nice location and good rooms : Very nice location, good view and above all value for money... We visited here to relaxation from Delhi with friends. Hospitality and service was very much awesome. We stayed here for one day in valley view Deluxe room.. And breakfast was very much tastey and so much variety.
Misty_Mountain : 912 : Value for money : Good place for family.. But food need to improve... Rooms are good. Kids play area is OK.. Recreation hall is also good... One restaurant was closed for renovation... And also one lift was not working three of our stay.
Misty_Mountain : 913 : Great stay in Munnar : I liked the hotel specially for the valley view rooms, the view is beatutiful, where we can see the entire valley from the window itself, and the arrangements like camp fire and childrens play, and adults play zone which open till late night. Memorable stay.
Misty_Mountain : 914 : Good hospitality : I stayed for a day and I enjoyed every moment of it. Friendly staff, good food and the view from hotel is amazing. Better go for valley view room to have best experience. I checked in early, had no problems with that.
Misty_Mountain : 915 : Excellent stay : Great view from the hotel, located on the top of hill, so pleasant atmosphere, I love to stay back there. Service is very good food as well, value for money. Spa and gym facilities have be provided, rooms are spacious. I suggest to take view room. It is very close to sightseeing locations.
Misty_Mountain : 916 : Excellent view and location : As the name of the hotel suggests, the view from our window was really misty in the mornings and evenings which was wonderful feeling. Besides that the hotel has excellent and well maintained built in park in the backyard which is great for photography and hangout. We loved our stay at Misty Mountain Resort.
Misty_Mountain : 917 : Great and relaxing holiday : Pluses were terrific service, Good food & restaurant, location just before you reach the town, good view!! More of a hotel than a resort. After a long drive better to reach the hotel before you enter the tragic crazy town!! Check in and then start moving around every forenoon only, coming back to relax in the after noons!!!
Misty_Mountain : 918 : Good location for valley view rooms : We stayed here for two nights. Excellent location. No housekeeping services after 4pm even it is dirty, they don't have any hesitation to say that. No restaurant menu while buffet dinner/lunch. We also faced no hot water due to geyser failure. Took Bath in cold water.
Misty_Mountain : 919 : Good stay : Overall a good stay at Misty Mountain Resort. I am looking forward for another trip in coming months. It was a well located and descent hotel in a good budget so it is highly recommended for the stay.
Misty_Mountain : 920 : Good view, good hospitality and good staff : Awesome trip. Had good fun. When you want to send some good quality time and good food, visit here. The hospitality was really good. Will definitely refer my friends. Thanks Makemytrip !! It was indeed a memorable trip.
Misty_Mountain : 921 : Good place for stay : I stayed in Misty Mountain for two days. Hotel is located in main road easy to find out. Rooms were clean. You can get good View if you stay road side. View from hotel room is good. Breakfast menu on both the days was almost same.
Misty_Mountain : 922 : Good Hotel : The valley view rooms are very good. Rooms are clean and staff is very cooperative. Even though the variety with buffet breakfast is not much but food is good. Hotel is not very far from Munnar town. Only drawback, as the hotel is on main road, for front facing rooms there is traffic noise.
Misty_Mountain : 923 : Awesome location & cooperative staff : Location is excellent. Staff is cooperative but the service is comparatively slow. The rooms are quite big but it requires some immediate attention as far as interiors of the rooms are concerned.
Misty_Mountain : 924 : Very nice to stay : Hotel is located at nice place and views of the beautiful Munnar tea estates and valley. Climate condition also very nice at that time of our visit. The rooms are clean and hotel staff is very courteous and service also good... We enjoyed the trip.
Misty_Mountain : 925 : Very nice hotel and pleasant location : Very nice hotel and pleasant location. Nice staff. Room is perfect, but bathroom is the problem. Water drainage is some trouble. Otherwise, nice stay with Misty Mountain and excellent valley view. Next time definitely it's my first choice to stay..
Misty_Mountain : 926 : Only location is good : Not very good experience. Not happy with cleanliness of rooms. Other room's bathroom was smelling, when asked about changing the room, they charged extra bucks for other room. Upgrade should be complimentary as it was their problem. Even they charged for water bottle which they have not provided on daily basis.
Misty_Mountain : 927 : Amazing stay : Beautifully located. Certainly go for the valley view apartments... It offers amazing views of the beautiful Munnar tea estates and valley. The rooms are clean and hotel staff is very courteous. Enjoyed our stay and would Def prefer this one in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 928 : Good hotel & awesome location : Hotel is very good. Location is awesome and the climate is unbelievable. I suggest misty mountain is a very good place to be in Munnar, very nearby place to visit all location in Munnar and it's worth money.
Misty_Mountain : 929 : Overall stay in the hotel is good : Overall the stay was good. Rooms were clean. Service by the hotel staff was good. Location of the hotel was good especially the valley view rooms. Facilities in children play area could be improved. TV was not working properly for a day and it was fixed by the staff. Breakfast was good. Overall stay in the hotel was good and we had a nice time in Munnar. Thanks
Misty_Mountain : 930 : Awesome Hotel : I really enjoyed at in Kerala. Best weather, best location with best person. Really it was great and lifetime memories. I enjoyed with family and friends. If I come again Kerala will book the same resort because good service.
Misty_Mountain : 931 : Great experience : Memorable stay at Misty Mountain situated 5 km before Munnar but location was awesome. Only valley view room will be preferred. Comfortable arrangements. Food was good and Munnar valley view from restaurant as well.
Misty_Mountain : 932 : Good hotel to stay : Overall all a good hotel apart from couple of things which will help to improve 1. There should be a sign which is visible from road during night as it is hard to find it. 2. Should serve food on al-carte in the restaurant as well. Currently served al-a-carte in room service only.
Misty_Mountain : 933 : loved it! : loved it!
Misty_Mountain : 934 : Good Stay : Beautiful location, excellent service and scenic views from the hotel. Children play facility and Gym also available, friendly people. Buffet Dinner not recommended. Rather go to adjacent restaurant. Massage parlours and Kalarypayatu highly recommended.
Misty_Mountain : 935 : Awesome! : Location of the hotel is great and the view from Valley View rooms is fabulous. Rooftop garden is amazing. Spa though was totally disappointing and waste of money, not worth trying.
Misty_Mountain : 936 : Good Stay : Good experience at your hotel, location is very good. Overall experience is good. Good tasty breakfast and good service. Facilities are good. I will recommend my friends. Night programs to be communicated in a better way so as more people can enjoy music & fire programs.
Misty_Mountain : 937 : Poor Stay : The hotel is very short in staff. Buffet breakfast and dinner are a joke. The staff does not bother to refill the food. Roti/naan/aloo paratha etc are the worst I ever had. Location is good. I was stuck in the backside facing a wall.
Misty_Mountain : 938 : Excellent Stay : Overall experience in the hotel was good. Can be recommended to others.
Misty_Mountain : 939 : Good Stay : Good hotel. Location is good. Really its a misty mountian hotel. The food is excellent, only the TV was not up to the mark and the bed was old. Nevertheless the overall experience was good. Lastly make my trip arrangement is superb
Misty_Mountain : 940 : Awesome location..awesome hotel!! Super! : The location was awesome. The hotel was awesome. Superb.
Misty_Mountain : 941 : Excellent : Beyond my imagination. Excellent. Keep up the great work Misty Mountain Resort.
Misty_Mountain : 942 : Good Stay : Cannot just explain in words the location, the food and the hospitality of Misty Mountain everything is awesome. The Kerala trip is just incomplete if you do not visit Munnar and if you stay here in Misty Mountain its awesome. It is near tea plantation and has a kathakali and marshal arts show center near by it which is must seeing.
Misty_Mountain : 943 : Excellent Stay : When you stay here you will feel like you are in heaven, all the things the hotel provide were more than what we expected, food good, hot water for bathing, location excellent, just count on what you need and they fulfill it, we wanted a room heater as it was cold at night they provided it instantly.
Misty_Mountain : 944 : Good Stay : The location and the view from hotel room valley view was exotic. The hotel is well maintained, the staff is very friendly, the hotel is clean and maintained. The gymnasium facility was good. The food during breakfast as well as served in restaurant was good. Over all a very good place to stay in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 945 : Lovely : The hotel is good in all manners.
Misty_Mountain : 946 : Wonderful hotel location at Munnar & well equipped with all facilities : Anybody who wants to visit Munnar may definitely consider Hotel Misty Mountain Resort one of the best.
Misty_Mountain : 947 : Good Stay : The best upper budget resort, to stay in. Views very good and fantastic location. Valley view rooms recommended. When checking out I thought the front office had not returned by ID but they had in fact returned the same to me and told me exactly the sequence of how it was returned. I was very impressed with staff vigilance and promptness.
Misty_Mountain : 948 : on : The staif is very good, I like to stay hear again,location is very good.
Misty_Mountain : 949 : It was just an average outing considering the ambiance, food and facilities : The food was very average for the price which was charged. The hotel did not had any kids play areas (I do not consider the TT table and carrom as play area). The rooms do not have calling bell and it is irritating whenever some one bang the door.
Misty_Mountain : 950 : Excellent Stay : It was fantastic experience. I think this will be my first choice in Munnar in future. Though there was a issue due to Mother Nature and unavoidable minor issues, the way they handled was awesome and hospitality was superb.
Misty_Mountain : 951 : Excellent Stay : This is one of the best hotels in the entire area. I have been to several hotels but I liked the food of the hotel as well as the ambience and facilities of the hotel. Specially honeymoon couples like the camp fire on the hotel roof top. Loved the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 952 : At par in comparision to its tariff. : Food quality is good with quiet nominal prices. Room is just ok, no problems faced though quality of mattress and room amenities can be improved.
Misty_Mountain : 953 : Good Stay : Very pleasant and had a beautiful view of the Munnar valley from my room (Room 206). The view is simply stunning and relaxing. The food is very good. Thank you makemytrip and Misty mountains. Being about 6 km away from the town offers us a picturesque view and nice tea estates to stroll around. Their terrace garden is really very good. The food (Buffet) is good too, particularly the Dosas. The cleanliness is commendable. The breakfast that they serve is good. The room is bit smaller compared to rooms in other hotels (in other cities) otherwise the room, bed, bath are very comfortable. Hot water at anytime of the day is available. Mr Karthik the receptionist has completed our checkout formalities very efficiently in shortest time. Can say The best hotel in Munnar (Based on my personal experience and local enquiry).
Misty_Mountain : 954 : Good Stay : Hotel is in very good location and specially valley view rooms. Very good, you can get nice food and service at hotel. Over all very good.
Misty_Mountain : 955 : Good Stay : Location, food and service was all very good. Try to book valley view room on higher floor for a perfect view of tea gardens. Corner rooms are best with 2 big glass windows. Late eaters remember that the last order for dinner is 9.45- 10pm.
Misty_Mountain : 956 : Good Stay : Everything from the location to the rooms to the ambiance to the food and service at this hotel was excellent. The scenic location which encompasses the beauty of Munnar makes it a dream destination. The only thing which pinches me was that we could not stay in the valley facing room. The rooms are spacious and have proper lighting arrangement. The breakfast and dinner had ample variety for a north indian vegetarian like me. The roof top garden with flowers and plantation is like topping on the cake.
Misty_Mountain : 957 : Average Stay : Basic facilities like electric kettle tea bags, coffee sachets etc, were not there. Electric points were not functioning, quality of buffets were average. The snacks ordered in room service were also average. Spas requested did not respond. Experience just average.
Misty_Mountain : 958 : Good Stay : Very good property. Amazing climate. The atmosphere was pleasant and evenings were most beautiful. People are very courteous and arrangements at the hotel were good, massage is reasonable and should get it once done. Property is value for money and location is awesome.
Misty_Mountain : 959 : Excellent Stay : Excellent stay arrangement. Hotel is located in mesmerizing surroundings, not too far away from city centre. Maintaining services standards within reasonable cost is a difficult task that is being successfully achieved by hotel management.
Misty_Mountain : 960 : Average Stay : Hotel is far from Munnar. Location was average, cleanliness was not up to the mark. There was some type of typical smell in rooms. The facilities was not up to 3 star level. Kindly improve the facilities, there was no pool in the hotel. Our experience was average.
Misty_Mountain : 961 : Poor Stay : Location was just average. Staff was too average. Cleanliness was not good, there was a leakage in bathroom and water was entering the room. Food was average. Value of money is fine. Hotel suitable for a low class family. No facilities in hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 962 : Good Stay : I had stayed in Misty Mountain Resort. It was located in a premium location besides the Tata Tea Estate. Amazing ambiance and view from the room. We had food once from the restaurant and it was pretty good. Certainly good value for money considering the rate of expenses in Munnar. Highly recommendable!
Misty_Mountain : 963 : Beautiful View : Beautiful View, but had a bad experience with the Massage staff he burnt my legs with the hot oil.
Misty_Mountain : 964 : Good Stay : Amazing experience at the hotel. Excellent location. Really appreciate the hospitality extended towards us. We are thankful to the hotel staff to arrange for our candle light dinner on our anniversary in the room as we could not go to the restaurant as our baby was asleep. I would certainly suggest the hotel to my friends and family. Thanks once again.
Misty_Mountain : 965 : Good Stay : As every connecting place was very far from each other. It should be advisable by you for 2 days programs. In many cases due to a big distance we went and rest only in hotel because visit time was over. You should advise travelers not to stay in Kochi which was meaningless stay. Insist of this directly move to Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 966 : Nice Stay! :) except checkout :( : Stayed at hotel for 4-nights with family. Here are my few observations might be useful for other travelers: Good location if you book front side room. great view! Room service is good. Staff always ready to help even if the demand is slightly out-of their direct scope. We request to book some show tickets and they did! Laundry cost and food cost is genuine. Baby bottle Sterilization facility and 24-hour room service (baby milk) were helpful as we were traveling with 1-year old daughter. But, the location is on Kochi road 7 km away from Munnar, so you need to have vehicle each time you want to go out and almost all of the Munnar sights are located on other side of munnar, so every time you need to cross Munnar (trafic & bad roads); that takes 45 minutes each time. In total 1.5 hours up/down gets wastes each time. For 24th night there was mandatory GALA dinner charges which was already paid as Rs1000 (2 Adults) while booking through Makemytrip (billed as extra charge). While check-out, they were double charging the amount. I wasted 10 minutes to clarify the same. but the good part was finally the manager understood and apologized. Suggestions: 1) Hotel Reservation system should not charge such special amount (mandatory dinner etc.) in advance and staff must be aware of such charges. 2) For rear side rooms, rooms are not maintained in same way as front facing room. bad smells etc. Overall I enjoyed staying! and would recommend this hotel based on its pricing, staff behavior, location etc.
Misty_Mountain : 967 : Good Stay : Overall, I enjoyed the stay and I recommend it for sure. Let me summarize my experience in points. Positives: 1. Very clean everywhere. Beds, towels, floors, toilets. 2. Very spacious room including the bath room. Good furnishing and even the blankets matches the furnishing colors. 3. The support staff are very kind enough and responds properly. Ask them to carry your luggage. Ask for extra pillows, blankets, sugar sachets. They do things with smile without expecting tips. That makes them deserve tips for sure. 4. The front desk guy helped us take good number of photos 5. We found the breakfast to have more items and was tasty. 6. Cook was helpful in packing some food for my kid (as we found hard to get vegetarian items on the way) 7. Walkable to the main road. Less than 1 km from the Periyar National Park. 8. Check out was done in a minute. 9. Though we did not go during winter, outside was colder than Bangalore weather. But, room was warm enough and we did not feel that we missed A/C. 10. We did not find any mosquitoes. But, we found Mosquito repellent was already plugged in. Negatives: 1. The dinner food quality was average. Limited items. For 300 rupees, I did not feel worth. 2. Though Wi-fi is there, range is limited to the reception area. The rooms will not get signal. Neutral: 1. No much parking space. Can hardly fit 7-8 cars. You may find difficult to park it in front of the hotel and you may need to park it some nearby place. 2. We went for Deluxe Suite without A/C. A/C costs you 1000 extra not sure if it is worth.
Misty_Mountain : 968 : Good location : Though this Hotel is almost 8 km from Munnar, its having good view of valley(from front side rooms only). Food is also ok. Kerala spa and messages are also available here. which is of value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 969 : Good Stay : First to mention is the view. It was breathtaking. Not in a crowded area. Enjoyed the walk in the tea gardens in front. Service and food was good. Nothing to complain. Would definitely recommend but one should take room facing valley.
Misty_Mountain : 970 : Good Stay : This is nice hotel to stay with family, location is also good. Anyone want to stay for 2-3 days can choose this hotel as the location is very pretty. All the staff members are good and helpful and the food is also good and cost wise also good decision.
Misty_Mountain : 971 : Pathetic Pathetic Pathetic Pathetic Pathetic : Never expected such facilities still offered to tourist in this generation. Forget family stay would never recommend for stags also. Small room, no toiletries, no tea coffee kettle, 21 inch old fashioned TV, bad furniture.
Misty_Mountain : 972 : awesome : Comfortable stay and nice atmosphere, but no WiFi.
Misty_Mountain : 973 : The access road from city is terrible and really they have to do necessary action if they want to attract tourists and guests. : The hotel has all amenities as they described including trekking path. They can serve guests by informing in advance for picking up customer from city if required.
Misty_Mountain : 974 : Very nice experience : The food, ambiance and the location are good.
Misty_Mountain : 975 : Excellent Stay : Staff was very good, hotel is very good, hospitality is awesome, every thing was at perfect place. They arranged born fire also for us. Back side garden is also maintained where you can walk in morning. New constructed hotel so has a modern touch. Front valley view has more rate. But all in all value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 976 : Poor Stay : Does not consider it 3 star. I have stayed there through make my trip. Location good, cleanliness good but services are poor. Room service is third class. No hot water in bathrooms. And to my surprise there are 1988 model type big TV. Nothing like 3 star .
Misty_Mountain : 977 : Good Stay : The most beautiful location to stay at Munnar. Mist is every where and you are inside the mist of clouds. Its location is the best point for this resort. Facilities are average but when you look out the view from the window and found yourself in between the misty clouds, you forget all other pros and cons. Recommend to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 978 : Good Stay : The name best fits the hotel. Of all the hotels in Munnar Misty has a best location on hill top giving beautiful view of the valley and lake. Breakfast collection and food was awesome. Best value for money on food. Hotel staff are very helpful and cordial. I would suggest to take a room with hill view. It is worthful to spend extra money for the view of Misty Mountains of Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 979 : Good Stay : Excellent location, nice scenery, overall good ambience. Superb room, good hospitality. Only drawback is lack of quality food. Its expensive too, hence not worth.
Misty_Mountain : 980 : Vally view Room are to small to accomodate a family of 2+2 : Vally view room are small and hotel does not provide facility even like tooth paste/ saving kit etc. The only interesting part is tracking area on the back side of hotel, which is very good and provide environment close to nature.
Misty_Mountain : 981 : Excellent Stay : Overall experience in the hotel was excellent.
Misty_Mountain : 982 : pleasant : The tariff is slightly more perhaps Munnar demands that.Very nice simple hotel with beautiful views one side .
Misty_Mountain : 983 : Excellent Stay : One of the best hotels I have ever seen with best in class facilities. Hotel location left us stunned and impressed as soon as we checked in. MakeMyTrip should suggest this hotel to all the people booking for Kerala. Food, hospitality, hygiene etc left us amazed. Thanks for such amazing hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 984 : Poor Stay : The rooms were not in good condition. All rooms smelled peculiar. We asked to arrange the bonfire, they did after us requesting consistently and turned it off within an hour. The food was good that we ordered from their restaurant. Rooms were not clean. When we checked in, they said they have cleaned the room, but linens were dirty, we got them replaced. Location is quite good, but service and rooms below average and not worth what they charge.
Misty_Mountain : 985 : Good Stay : Staff was very good, hotel is very good, hospitality is awesome and everything was at perfect place. They arranged born fire also for us. Back side garden is also maintained where you can walk in morning. New constructed hotel so has a modern touch. Front valley view has more rate. But all in all value for money.
Misty_Mountain : 986 : Excellent Stay : The name best fits the hotel. Of all the hotels in Munnar Misty has a best location on hill top giving beautiful view of the valley and lake. Breakfast collection and food was awesome. Best value for money on food. Hotel staff are very helpful and cordial. I would suggest to take a room with hill view. It is worthful to spend extra money for the view of misty Mountains of Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 987 : Average Stay : The subject hotel is 8 kms far from the Munnar main town. Hence it is compulsory to take dinner at the hotel. However, the hotel management does not allow to sit in the banquet hall of the hotel. So food was not enjoyed in the room. However another amenities and location is to good.
Misty_Mountain : 988 : Average Stay : It has good location and good hotel for stay. but there are couple of more hotels available better than this at some rates. Otherwise all seems good. Location is Good. Valley view is very good room. Hotel is at apex height of mountain which gives perfect window look.
Misty_Mountain : 989 : Average Stay : The location was good one to opt for honeymoon or to be away from rush. Hospitality was good. However north Indian food needs to be improved though it isn't bad as of now. The evening time is absolutely best to be witnessed. Watch nature from very close.
Misty_Mountain : 990 : It was an wonderful experience for me, just like once in a lifetime. : Most of the things are beyond my expectation.
Misty_Mountain : 991 : Good Stay : It was good. Particularly the view from the hotel was amazing. The facilities are good. Only problem was drinking water. Every time we had to call for water. There should be option to go and get water ourselves as and when required. Remaining all were good.
Misty_Mountain : 992 : fair : Linens were very bad and spoiled, cleanliness need to focus more.
Misty_Mountain : 993 : Fantastic view to enjoy and superb food : Although the entrance to the hotel is narrow and parking lot is small, enough guidance was available for parking.
Misty_Mountain : 994 : it was a good experience : The most interesting part was the trekking path from the terrace and off course the location of the hotel. Food needs improvement. Tea/coffee should be provided in the room.
Misty_Mountain : 995 : Good Stay : Hotel was very good. The staff ambiance breakfast was well appreciable. I would definitely advise it to the travelers.
Misty_Mountain : 996 : Overall Good and Superb place. : Overall very much good Hotel. Enjoyed my stay.
Misty_Mountain : 997 : Not what was promised : We were told that, there would be a bathtub in the washroom.It being a honeymoon package, was a disappointment !
Misty_Mountain : 998 : Good Stay : Very good hotel at excellent location. Away from crowded market. Very beautiful view from Valley view room. It could have been better if given room on upper floors. Food and service was up to the mark. Will go again and highly recommended to stay in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 999 : Awesome hotel. worth every penny spent. Friendly staff. : Awesome hotel. worth every penny spent. Friendly staff.
Misty_Mountain : 1000 : Average Stay : Good view from hotel however food was not good and facilities and accommodation was also not up to mark.
Misty_Mountain : 1001 : Poor Stay : Not value for money. Location is very good. They termed normal and very average room as a suite. Room was not cleaned and checked before check in you need to check and ask them for the same. Service is very slow. No options for even basic medicines.
Misty_Mountain : 1002 : dont book standard room here,dnt knw about other types of rooms : It is an average hotel hotel to stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1003 : Nice place to stay : Location is really awesome and suits as its named. I liked it.
Misty_Mountain : 1004 : We enjoyed our stay here : Good food- polite staff and good room service.
Misty_Mountain : 1005 : a vey nice and good resort : Overall stay at misty mountain was cool.
Misty_Mountain : 1006 : Good Stay : Awesome. The best hotel to stay. Food is too much good. Only chapati was not up to mark. Rest of items were too good. Nice facilities. Location is really nice. Good and kind staff. They arrange complementary bed decoration and cake. That was also really good. Choose valley view room so can have a very nice scenery from balcony. Though on other rooms also garden view is there which is also a pleasant view. All over a very nice hotel to stay. One must stay in this to have a great time in Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 1007 : Good Stay : Overall experience with the hotel is good. Nice breakfast menu and other facility. Staffs are good. Food is also good with this hotel. They have gym and other facility. Hygiene also maintained by staff. The best part is the location. Nice view from the hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 1008 : Good Stay : It is a bit away from Munnar main town place but is beautifully located. The service was excellent and the only issue is regarding washing clothes in the rooms which the management prohibits. Barring that, it is wonderful with complimentary offerings like trek, campfire etc.
Misty_Mountain : 1009 : Excellent Stay : The moment we entered our room, the view from the window was just "wow", we had booked a valley view facing room and the scenery was truly amazing and the first day itself set the standard for our entire Kerala trip. Munnar itself is a scenic beauty. Would recommend anybody to go in for the valley view rooms at misty mountains. The hotel, Staff and Food was also too good. Our room was clean and had all the amenities which you expect in any hotel room, no misses there. There were quite a few recreational activities in the hotel like games room (table tennis, carrom and chess), spa, trekking (we did not experience this), camp fire(subject to weather conditions), sunrise point, library. The food was good, no complaints about it. The staff were really courteous and helpful. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to al without any second thoughts.
Misty_Mountain : 1010 : Best options to stay @ Munnar : 10 Km away from munnar still location is good. And most interesting thing was clouds are come in the hotel in the evening and early morning session.
Misty_Mountain : 1011 : Average Stay : Location is good, but not value for money, standard rooms are small considered to tarrif, but overall good experience. If you want to stay in that hotel prefer Deluxe room for stay. Staff are curious and professionally trend.
Misty_Mountain : 1012 : Good Stay : The location of the hotel is excellent and if you get the valley view room suite then it will be great experience. Staff is well behaved and cooperative. Food quality and options are also good. Hotel too had WiFi and gym. One can enjoy at full.
Misty_Mountain : 1013 : Good Stay : The hotel is at a very good location. The tea plantation opposite the hotel is mesmerising. Though there are not much activities to do in Munnar, the hotel still manages to have a lot of things like table tennis tables and bon fire in the night were very pleasant.
Misty_Mountain : 1014 : Good Stay : I will recommend to stay in this hotel for nice stay, staff is very good natured and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to everybody. This hotel has trekking facility too at its top and has lovely gardening, I will give 4.5 out of 5 to this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 1015 : Good Stay : Location was not great. May be I missed something due to cloudy weather and rains. Hospitality of the hotel staff was good. Food was ok. Better to avoid North Indian dishes. Also I fail to understand why most hotels in south provide very limited no. of hindi TV channels. Those available were also of poor reception quality.
Misty_Mountain : 1016 : Poor Stay : Hotel should focus more on cleanliness. Also the food was very expensive and the taste was not worth the rate. Rooms were a bit stinky and dark. Hotel staffs behaviour was good though. Breakfast free was repetitive. Overall experience is okay.
Misty_Mountain : 1017 : bad as the food was pathetic. : Hotel was not up to the expectation.
Misty_Mountain : 1018 : location is excellent, staff is very good. : Situated in a good location, charges are a bit high they even charge service tax, sales tax on ironing shirt too Staff is very good, breakfast is awesome. Lunch and dinner dont prefer at the hotel there are much better and good places outside. Like they say be a Roman in Rome, so prefer ethnic Kerala food.
Misty_Mountain : 1019 : View from hotel is nice : Outside view from the hotel is nice.
Misty_Mountain : 1020 : Good facilities, cleanliness and service. : Spacious and clean/well maintained rooms. Staff are helpful and check-in/Checkout was easy. Only buffet was available at the restaurant and for a-la-carte orders it had to be room service which was a little odd. As the hotel is little away from town, own transportation or taxi is a must. One evening we saw the nearby show of Kathakali & Kalaripayatu, but the second evening there was not much to do. We did play Carrom & Table Tennis. Overall a good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 1021 : Good Stay : Food cost is not reasonable when compared to others it is just costly to pay. Otherwise Misty mountain is wonderful place for couples to enjoy their holidays. In entertainment part, hotels having some games but it should be kept very enjoyable to the travellers.
Misty_Mountain : 1022 : Good Stay : Hello, I stayed there for two days. I was allotted a room which was not front facing and that was not good enough. I got it changed next day by myself to front facing rooms. Also no complementary water was provided to us. Otherwise I like the hotel ambience and location. Food was also good there. Nice place and centrally located. Thanks
Misty_Mountain : 1023 : Good Stay : Staff was friendly and location is excellent. We had a good time out there. Food was very much costly. Except that everything was good.
Misty_Mountain : 1024 : Excellent Stay : Food was awesome. Staff were friendly. Next time also we will book the same hotel for sure. Totally everything was perfect! Awesome!
Misty_Mountain : 1025 : It was very beautiful and amazing experience with this hotel.. : Fabulous view and revisit this hotel next time too. Food and room service and other things are very neat and clean. Simply superb.
Misty_Mountain : 1026 : Good Stay : The room service and location of the hotel is fabulous. Overall this hotel is very good. We enjoyed lots. Complementary breakfast and dinner buffet was good. Morning puttu with kadalai kuzhambu was superb.
Misty_Mountain : 1027 : Average Stay : I stayed for two nights in this hotel and will give the least points for this hotel in my vacation for the below reasons: 1) The room was very good. Bathroom was very good, but the size of the room was very small thus overshadowing the good points of the accommodation. 2) Though hotel is located in one of the best sight seeing spot of Munnar but it is not connected to the streets of Munnar thus isolating it from the main location. Suggestion: If hotel provides shuttle service from the street, the tourist can visit the street at their leisure time easily.
Misty_Mountain : 1028 : A good located with nice view : The hotel located on a good view point and the staff were polite with a smiling face. The room was also good neatly maintained with periodic cleaning etc.,The food served was good tasty and fine.
Misty_Mountain : 1029 : Good Stay : Excellent location. We felt we are staying within the clouds as it was monsoons and believe me Munnar in monsoons is just lovely and beyond imagination. Location was excellent, staffs were very good and warm towards the guest, hospitality experience at the resort was really value for money. Has a spa also, where we had an experience of the Kerala Ayurveda massage and it was definitely relaxing. Has a small gym also. Restaurants views were great. Room view valley view room was also superb, room had very clean bathrooms. Overall experience was awesome. Definitely you can think about this resort to stay at Munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 1030 : Nice to stay as a couple .... : Pros:- - A very good hotel with lot of different recreational activities such as Daily Evening Campfire on terrace, private trekking path, forest adventure activities in a private fun forest - Wonderful valley view from most of the rooms, beautiful surroundings - A perfect stay for romantic holiday, around 80% of guests in the hotel were honeymoon couples. - Food prices are pretty reasonable, except tea/coffee. Cons --- - No A-la-carte food option available in restaurant, you can order a-la-carte food only at room service. - No proper arrangement for candle light dinners. In peak season, they shut down their a-la-carte restaurant in evening and provide you candle light dinner on request only at the room. - Quality of food is not very good. Though, snacks and breakfast buffet are good.
Misty_Mountain : 1031 : Good Stay : Great location. Great valley view. The bed decorations was too good, cake and candle light dinner should have been better organized. Recommend for couples. All places in and around Munnar can be easily seen with less travel distance from this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 1032 : Excellent Stay : Everything is good n superb. Really had a great time. Planning to visit once again. It is a nice place to spend time with family and friends. Every moment I spend in hotel was memorable and unforgettable. Very cool place and very romantic and pleasant.
Misty_Mountain : 1033 : Terrible Stay : It is not even a one star hotel. The hotel services, food, cleanliness and facilities are very poor. The room was very small though a valley view room with stale smell. The bed-sheet and pillow cover were dirty and we asked the staff twice to get them changed. Basic facility like drinking water was not complimentary. There is absolutely no place to walk around near the hotel and you need to depend on car for everything. I would not recommend this hotel for stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1034 : Good Stay : Hotel is located at good location, out of the city. Facilities provided by hotel is good. Even staff is good and friendly. Food is also good. I totally refer friend visiting this hotel if they plan for Munnar. I very much liked roof top camp fire, may be they should extend timings for camp fire.
Misty_Mountain : 1035 : Good Stay : Strategic location. Great mountain view. Punarjani theater (martial arts program and kathakali dance) are nearby. Bon fire in the evening. Spa/massage outside as well as inside the hotel. Sightseeing places are closeby. Car parking inside the hotel. Breakfast had reasonably good choices. Dinner room service, if you want.
Misty_Mountain : 1036 : Good Stay : Nothing can be a better hotel than this at Munnar for honeymoon couples. The beautiful scenic view from the hotel room was really awesome. Food ordered was served quite well in time. The hotel has a gym as well as other facilities like table tennis and carom board. Camp fire was arranged on the terrace of the hotel during evening which made the evening more enjoyable.
Misty_Mountain : 1037 : one of the best seneries around the hotel : The hotel is beautifully located in the town.
Misty_Mountain : 1038 : Chilling view of tea gardens....really misty misty mountain : Fantastic hotel, view, rooms.Go if you want to enjoy Munnar and be with loved ones there.Hotel is not a big resort or 5 star kind of hotel/resort.Its a 3/4 star hotel.Good rooms, great view,all was good,the massage centre also was amazing. Food was kind of okay.
Misty_Mountain : 1039 : Good Stay : Misty mountains is a very good hotel and I got the room as per my requirement of valley view. The food is excellent especially the buffet. The room service and the staff cooperation was very good. I will suggest this hotel to my friends if going to munnar.
Misty_Mountain : 1040 : Beautiful location with good services : Awesome scenic beauty of mountains and tea gardens. The hotel is worth the name Misty Mountain. Services are good. Food is also good. Though located in the outer area but is quite a good delicacy for the eyes of nature lovers.
Misty_Mountain : 1041 : Excellent location & well-trained staff : Location of hotel is excellent in midst of Lush Green Tree Gardens. A walk towards the Idukki road nearby is highly recommended. Staff were well-trained and treats every guest like family. Will come again.
Misty_Mountain : 1042 : Good hotel : Hotel location is supper to get best view and enjoy weather but need to work on food quality and room service. We enjoyed stay there in valley view room, hotel is located 8 km from Munnar city, which is easily reachable. Also, don't forget to try Kerala ayurvedic massage in hotel itself.
Misty_Mountain : 1043 : Good hotel at good location : Good service, good location, good hotel. In short, everything is good. I booked valley view room for 2 days it was nice view of hill. Breakfast is very good, but food is little costly. Thank Makemytrip.
Misty_Mountain : 1044 : Excellent location : This hotel is placed right on top in midst of fog and greenery and the name suggests rightly so. The rooms are bit small but with excellent valley view overseeing Tata tea plantations. The hotel staff is very helpful and always available. The food is average and should be improved on both quality and variety parameters. I would suggest to try joints in Munnar main market. The hotel should provide toiletries such as dental kit which is currently available on chargeable basis and also focus on improving quality of shampoo and soap provided. The karaoke event on 5th floor was bit dull, need to have proper DJ for same.
Misty_Mountain : 1045 : Good location and stay : Nice location. Restaurant need to be better. Though OK for stay not bad but not excellent. Rooms in good condition. Extra bedding easily available. Room service OK. Staff response OK. Library closed. Other facility's not good.
Misty_Mountain : 1046 : Good hospitality : Good as per the location, service and room cleanliness. Great view from the room and complimentary break fast was good. It is completely value for money. A good room with good price and good hospitality.
Misty_Mountain : 1047 : Good stay : Located on main road to Cochin. Excellent infrastructure, good food (veg) and value for money. I would recommend to stay in hotels which are located little inside off the road then you can enjoy the true nature, but this hotel is best if you need to cover many spots in a single day and if you are not with your private vehicle. I stayed 3 nights in Munnar and stayed in 3 different hotels. Two hotels were located off the road and third one was this. My stay was best in all the three. Big thanks to tripadvisor which helped me plan my travel in the best possible manner.
Misty_Mountain : 1048 : Nice place to stay : I stayed during last weekend with my family. It is nice hotel with great views (specially valley view room). The service is good. Parking space is very less and leads to difficulties when hotel is full. It may be very nice for the customers if they provide a la cart items also in their restaurant instead of room service if you are not taking buffet.
Misty_Mountain : 1049 : Average stay : The hotel is few kms away from Munnar and it has a cramped parking space, so if you come after 9 PM you have to park the car outside the hotel which is not safe. The rooms are so small and not comfortable for an extra person. We asked for a dental kit but they said chargeable. Food is ok and they have amenities like gym and spa. They have a flower garden in the rooftop and you can have a visit.
Misty_Mountain : 1050 : A hotel in clouds : Misty mountain proves it's name by having a beautiful view of hill with clouds. The service here is good and the restaurant makes you feel like you are in heaven because of the view of the hill it provides.
Misty_Mountain : 1051 : Nice hotel : Nice hotel overall, but food was really bad!! The sizzler we ordered was horrible! Otherwise clean. Location is good, valley view rooms are really a treat to look out for. Buffet dinner at restaurants were just ok, nothing extraordinary. Couples can give it a try.
Misty_Mountain : 1052 : Nice experience & away from city : Nice place to stay. Away from city. Mountain valley room is very nice. Breakfast offered is fine. Good staff. Parking is the only issue as limited space is available. I recommend this to all people visiting Munnar. Hotel has a gym, roof garden, Ayurveda spa etc.
Misty_Mountain : 1053 : Good place to relax & worth recommending : Situated at beautiful place with full of greenery and good location. Nice hotel with good food. Rooms are clean and spacious. Lot of options in the breakfast. Good ambience and value for money. Enjoyed the stay and worth recommending. Good place to relax.
Misty_Mountain : 1054 : Very worst house keeping : The rooms are not clean and the house keeping persons is not responsible, the cost of food is very high, proper direction is not there is Munnar, it's waste of money, the amenities is average
Misty_Mountain : 1055 : Amazing view and very nice garden on terrace : Hotel has a very nice location. Amazing view from the room (I took the valley view). They have got nice garden on the terrace. Few things to improve is the cleanliness (spotted a small Lizard) though they were very prompt to take care of it. Good options in the breakfast and was decent enough in taste. Enjoyed my stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1056 : Good stay : Worth a stay once the ambience was good. The campfire was good but management need to engage guests there as they are lagged. The food was not up to the mark and can be improved on that. But very safe location for families.
Misty_Mountain : 1057 : Average hotel with good food : Rooms were smelling little bad/awkward, may be because of lack of sunlight towards that side. Also, the bed sheets and pillow covers were not up to the mark in terms of cleanness. Bathrooms were well- maintained. Room service is below average. Food though was good. The front desk was helpful. Average hotel which needs lot of improvements in terms of quality of rooms and service.
Misty_Mountain : 1058 : Superb hotel : Valley side view is very excellent. Desk staff is very cooperative and helpful. Food quality is superb and tasty Hotel is approx 8 km away from Munnar city. Other activities and breakfast is also good. All service provided by hotel is vary prompt and fast. KEEP IT UP.
Misty_Mountain : 1059 : Review : Stay was good, reasonable price and reasonable buffet breakfast. Location is good. Nice place to stay. You should prefer valley view rooms, which will be the best. Locating the hotel will be little bit difficult, since it is located 8. Km away from Munnar town. From Munnar you need to take, pluvial road. Over all, I will recommend to stay with family
Misty_Mountain : 1060 : Senthil travelscop : Pleasant stay food is excellent so campfire and musical sys all services excellent hotel staff hospitality is very excellent so we went group tour at Kerala Kochi 18 may 2016 slumming pool was good and need clean we have booked doctor villas
Misty_Mountain : 1061 : Very awesome view from hotel : Very very Nice hotel plus spa facility makes it amazing experience. Full value of your money. View from my room no 210 was awesome. Complimentary breakfast was also very veey tasty. And so many varieties was there for it. Food was also very tasty .. Veey near by to kathkali programs center.
Misty_Mountain : 1062 : Good stay. : Mist mountain resort has one of the best locations in Munnar. Would personally suggest you to take valley view delux room as you can see the clouds dance just in front of you whenever you peek outside the room. Food was average. Staff is cordial and helpful but a little slow. Would surely suggest the fellow travellers to opt for this place for good location and value for money as well as misty mountains for sure.
Misty_Mountain : 1063 : Nice place ... Relaxed kids enjoyed playing there .. : View was very excellent from room. Cleaniness is maintained very good ... Food service was also satisfied .. Staff was very cooperative ... Room service was on time .. But little bit disappointed vth parking and activities and play area Garden at the at top was excellent ... Maintained so well overall very happyy ?
Misty_Mountain : 1064 : Excellent view : A great place to stay, eat and relax for a summer holiday. Fabulous views of the valley. Transport is easy to get to visit the town, and nearby tourist spots. Restaurant food is quite yummy at a reasonable price. The garden and the plantation walk from the terrace is not to be missed.
Misty_Mountain : 1065 : Good ... But rooms are small and food also needs improvement. : Hotel location is too good .. But food is not so good ... Rooms are a little bit small for a family of four ... Restaurant timing should be extended till 10 p. M ... Breakfast provided is good .. In short my stay was good.
Misty_Mountain : 1066 : Good stay, food could be better : The rooms are good, clean, staff is excellent. The breakfast and dinner buffet disappoints. There are better and much tastier options at lower prices. View from hotel bis fantastic. It is however a bit far from town so you have to have your vehicle to get around as per your convenience
Misty_Mountain : 1067 : I am Arun from Trivandrum, Kerala. My email is arunvr47@gmail. Com : Climate is good. View from hotel is good. Service is good. Flies and insects was the only problem which i had ... And not much parking space, but its OK. Hotel people will manage that. Breakfast and food is good. Hotel view is same as that of the picture shown in make my trip site .. I stayed on 10th may 2016
Misty_Mountain : 1068 : Good : Very Nice facilities, cleanliness is maintained well service is good, buffet is good but one complaint need to introduce bread toaster and rasam to be kept in a hot pot. House keeping is good. Regarding resort car parking not sufficient ... Rest all is fine
Misty_Mountain : 1069 : Not that great : Decent place to stay. Hotel is little far from Munnar Town .. Good Breakfast .. Not worth if your paying more then 1-1. 5K .. Mattress is Bad .. Its not Soft 1947 TV Still Installed. But manageable Dangerous Restrooms Good for Above Middleclass ppl looking. Not for Couples
Misty_Mountain : 1070 : Great Location : Good view point (Valley view room) good service. Value for money. The staffs and workers are very kind and supportive, food is also good. The best part is the wonderful view from the room can see the entire hill station, good place for a romantic trip/stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1071 : Excellent ambience and services : Very Nice and pleasant stay at hotel. Excellent room service and food. Cab facility was also good and proper handling of each and every need was there. Nice welcome by the person at reception. Immediate check in and hassle free check out was another highlight of hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 1072 : Excellent hotel at good location : Best resort in Munnar and a good restaurant in Munnar from a very good location. It acts as a view point. Very clean and good service as well. We didn't fell ill in the hotel and enjoyed at the terrace and garden.
Misty_Mountain : 1073 : Good location : Hotel location is very nice. Limited parking facility. Food is tasty and affordable. Service is also good. But the room size is small. Room was smelly but they changed the bedsheets soon after complaining.
Misty_Mountain : 1074 : A pleasant stay : A fair place for stay. Can improve the parking space and the other facilities as well. Trekking facility was an innovative one. Food was favourable to all customers. Categories can be set for the rooms. Altogether it was a pleasant stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1075 : Very good hotel : The situation of hotel is very nice. Specifically valley side view is very excellent. Desk staff is very cooperative and helpful. Hotel is approx 8 km away from Munnar city. Other activities and breakfast is also good.
Misty_Mountain : 1076 : Good Stay : Liked food (Veg) served at room. In specific complimentary buffet breakfast was excellent and not provided for the sake of it. Location was good little away from town but not too far off to come back to center. Only issue was WiFi not working, otherwise very nice experience.
Misty_Mountain : 1077 : Rooms are very compact but it is clean : This is a average hotel. Rooms are very compact but it is clean. Towels are not very clean. No fridge in room. Breakfast is just ok. Only good thing about this hotel is it is close to Munnar and food is reasonable. Rooms on 4th floor has good view.
Misty_Mountain : 1078 : A good hotel for all : It's good for everything and good nature. Rooms are clean and the hotel is located in a good locality. The service was also good. For couples, families and for all its a very good hotel. Rates are also very cheap.
Misty_Mountain : 1079 : Excellent location and awesome service : It is about 8 km from Munnar town. View from the "Valley View" rooms were excellent facing the tea gardens. Friendly staff. Breakfast buffet was excellent. We were able to taste some of the traditional Kerala dishes. However the dinner (a la carte) was okay. Overall good value for money and great stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1080 : Perfect hotel with good food : I stayed here a week back. I would suggest people to take valley faced rooms. The view from those rooms is breathtaking. Staff is gentle and helpful. Food was good. A perfect hotel for the perfect holiday.
Misty_Mountain : 1081 : Very nice stay at the hotel with my family : Very nice stay at the hotel with my family. Staff applications are very good. Location of the hotel is very good. Arrangements made by the hotel staff for sightseeing was very good. Food is cheap and tasty. Would like visit once again to this hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 1082 : Good stay in Munnar : The place is scenic. Staff was very well-behaved. Rooms were clean, but pillow covers were not replaced. Lunch was over priced and fish curry was not good. Breakfast was good. Valley facing room was good.
Misty_Mountain : 1083 : Nice place to stay : Good hotel and food was good. Felt safe. Front valley view is a main attraction. Arranged sightseeing for me. Value for money. Worth booking this. Thanks to Misty Mountain group.
Misty_Mountain : 1084 : Cozy place to stay in Munnar : A beautiful property located at an equally beautyful place. I stayed here with my family and the extremely professional staff did not spare any efforts to make our stay comfortable. Will surely recommend this place to anyone.
Misty_Mountain : 1085 : Not very impressive! : Our experience of misty mountain resort was purely average. We visited Munnar in the month of march so it wasn't really cold.the room had a beautiful view indeed but it was extremely stuffy. The hotel staff was decent, one bright aspect was good food. restaurant staff was nice. but overall the experience was not that great. Parking space is a big constraint here, there is not enough space to handle more cars. I would give misty mountain a miss next time.and would give it 2.5 out of 5.
Misty_Mountain : 1086 : Good hotel but little far from Munnar town : Hotel is good looking and rooms are nice and cosy. Food was OK and price was fine as well. Only con of hotel is that it is far from Munnar town. But to enjoy peaceful refuge after a long journey, I found this hotel good.
Misty_Mountain : 1087 : Excellent place for family get away! : This place is excellent. We stayed for 1 day but wish we could have stayed more. I had been to many hotels in Munnar but have seen only Misty mountain offer complimentary bonfire and trek into the plantation. While the trek was not available for the day we went due to tree felling, the bon fire is excellent. If you are travelling with family, this is one place we your entire family can enjoy. If you are a couple, book for the deluxe or valley view rooms. you can see the aanai-enrangal dam very clearly. Pallivasal may not be as cold compared to Munnar but the rooms have fans also.
Misty_Mountain : 1088 : Stay was awesome. : Stay was awesome. Location was at hill top which was good. Buffet food taste was very good. Rooms was neat and clean. Staff were very cooperative.All the prime locations in munnar were near to hotel. Overall loved the stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1089 : Good place : Room was nice but I was expecting a gallery to the room which was not there. View from the room is good. Food is costly. You don't have any option near hotel for food so you have to eat in the hotel. You will get verity of food in lunch and snacks that's the good thing. It's in Kochi to Munnar way so if you are travelling from Kochi go for it!
Misty_Mountain : 1090 : Awsome stay and good location : The stay was awesome and location was good as per expectation, staff were very cooperative. Food was also good. Just one suggestion, please try to put a bit big display board so that it will be easy to locate. My experience was in total was great. Thanks for serving. :)
Misty_Mountain : 1091 : Worth it! : Hotel management and service are good room services also good but rooms are small its not for extra bed t.v. also old restaurant and food is ok. Hotel location and view is good. I like it, worth of money!
Misty_Mountain : 1092 : Awesome hotel : We stayed for two nights from 5th to 7th March 2016. The hotel is awesome. From room to food to service, everything was excellent. We were upgraded to suite room and the valley view was amazing. The rooftop garden was an added attraction. I am definitely coming back!
Misty_Mountain : 1093 : Great hotel to stay in Munnar : Misty Mountain is true to the name. Every evening, the hotel gets engulfed in dense mist / fog / cloud, the view of the valley in front is breathtaking. Make sure you take one of the rooms in the front side, overall a terrific hotel, 8 km from the heart of Munnar, away from the din and bustle ( and the traffic ). Food is reasonable, overall experience is superior.
Misty_Mountain : 1094 : Good hotel but can be better : Being close to the nature their were lots of bugs and incest in the room. Food is good and nice dinner buffet but limited breakfast buffet. Good view from the room and child play area need to a bit bigger. Please provide a fan or may be AC in child play area
Misty_Mountain : 1095 : Good location and worth the price : Nice and pleasant. Not luxurious but clean. Good location and worth the price. No AC but this is usually not uncomfortable as the weather there is pretty cold. Television is outdated and had only few channels (again nothing too big). If you are looking for just good location (with easy access to all places around) and just a clean and comfortable place to spend the night, go for it.
Misty_Mountain : 1096 : Disappointing stay except for hotel cleanliness : The rooms are considerably hot in summers, no AC available although premium room tariff. The food is absolute disaster. no flavors & no taste. Had to call everyday for changing towels, water, other replenishable facilities. The only good thing was hotel cleanliness but overall pathetic experience.
Misty_Mountain : 1097 : Good and value for money : The location of hotel is a good view point. Food is excellent. will recommend this hotel. Only drawback I could find is the problem with my car parking space. it's overall a very good package and economy hotel. a a good value for money. .
Misty_Mountain : 1098 : Good experience & good view : The view is good, there is no AC so travel in a weather when you don't need it. Camp fire activity is good. Hotel has a very good spa, so if you have spare time you can also pay visit to the spa. Recreational activities are also good, like a play area with carrom.
Misty_Mountain : 1099 : Average hotel and service : First of all its not a resort as they advertise. It's just hotel. No such resort recreation there. Outside view through window is good and that's the only plus I felt. No proper place to park even car. Old and worse pillow and bedsheet. Breakfast is good. Staff behaviour is good. Room average, deluxe room non AC and a small TV was for show only no channels available. I planned for a resort measure but as it was not a resort I changed to adventure tour less staying in hotel.
Misty_Mountain : 1100 : 3 star hotel with few drawbacks : Misty Mountain from outside looks beautiful, situated at good location in front of Tea Garden. It's downhill to Munnar town so little hot. Valley view rooms have good view of Tea Garden but at the same time traffic noise all the time. It's a normal 3 star hotel to spend the night. I booked it in a deal so good for me. If not in Winter go for AC rooms.
Misty_Mountain : 1101 : Average hotel & not a good experience : No proper communication among the staff members. Breakfast was very bad. Reception guys was not at all willing to provide proper information. In room service standard not upto the mark. You can not have food at their restaurant and if you ask for room service then have to pay 10% extra charge. Overall, not a very good experience.
Misty_Mountain : 1102 : Great experience at Misty Mountain : I got the hotel room at Rs. 1910/- rupees as makemytrip gave Rs. 2100/- discount(probably start of off season as the temperature is slightly climbing). It is situated 8 km before Munnar near forest glade hotel where I stayed 6 months back. It was a pleasant experience. Food was superb, dinner and breakfast both buffet. The hotel crew are pleasant. The front office crew could be a little more energetic. Play area for kids, adults were all good.
Misty_Mountain : 1103 : Good stay with valley view room : We stayed at Misty Mountain for about 2 days. The best part of the stay was the beautiful view from our valley view room. Food was pretty cheap and tasted good. And everything else was very fine too. P.S: Please make sure you stay in a valley view room.
Misty_Mountain : 1104 : Nice but can be improved : It was a nice experience with nice valley view. Service was fast. Food was OK but needs improvement. Overall a good experience and enjoyed our stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1105 : Excellent location, facilities were very good : Hotel was in very good location. The staff and facilities were very good. Rooms were clean and tidy. The roof terrace with small flower garden was beautiful. The room service was quick and staff was courteous. We had food at hotel which was delicious and with lots of variety.
Misty_Mountain : 1106 : Good & Comfortable Stay : 1) Valley view rooms has excellent view 2) Room service is very good. 3) Staff is good 4) Don't try buffet
Misty_Mountain : 1107 : Good Stay : Located on the outskirts of Munnar town, Misty Mountain stands true to its name. If you manage to get a valley view room, you will have an amazing view of the valley with tea gardens and mist all around. The hotel has a good spread at buffets and the service is prompt too.
Misty_Mountain : 1108 : Good Stay : Stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights with my friend. Its nicely located away from the hustle and bustle of the Munnar town, overlooking the tea garden valley. The overall service of the staff was great. Though we had booked a valley view room via make my trip, we were assigned a garden view room instead, on the first night; however, subsequently we were moved to valley view room the next day, and was compensated with complimentary dinner on both nights of stay. So no complaining on the initial goof up. The in house ayurvedic spa facility was okay and rooms are pretty well maintained. Only area where they can improve is food. Their buffet dinner consisted primarily of north Indian food, leaving any foodie tourist craving for local Keralite cuisine.
Misty_Mountain : 1109 : Amazing view of the valley : Awesome view from the window was eye captivating. Missed the Spa as we did not had enough time to spend. Name of the hotel is well justified as the location is the perfect to get a beautiful view of the valley. Would love to stay again in the future.
Misty_Mountain : 1110 : Excellent hotel with good room services : Nice hotel and rooms but 7 km away from the city. Food is very expensive but very tasty. Staff and room service is very good. The biggest concern is if you own a personal vehicle. Parking will be bit difficult but they will manage. Overall experience is good.
Misty_Mountain : 1111 : A good experience at a decent hotel : It was a nice decent hotel and the facilities/service were quite good. The food and other services were also quite good. We enjoyed camp fire, gym and other facilities like indoor games, spa facility. Overall, it was quite good experience. However, we were bit dissatisfied with cab booked by hotel. So it's better to discuss with hotel and cab driver together about places to be visited, etc before you start your journey.
Misty_Mountain : 1112 : Good stay with panoramic view from room : Nice view, good service. Better to have more parking space. It's a bit crowded during peak seasons. Any way much better than many other hotels in Munnar. Make a note that food is little costlier here. We can enjoy the panoramic view from the room.
Misty_Mountain : 1113 : Awesome place to stay : Awesome place to stay!! Nice view. Very friendly staff. Very courteous and enjoyable. I would recommend this place for my friends. Rooms are clean and well maintained. Nice ambiance. Easy transportation. Breakfast was good. Room services were fast.
Misty_Mountain : 1114 : Worst resort I had ever experienced : I had stayed in this hotel for a night during my visit to Munnar. It's located around 8 km far from Munnar Town @ Palasival. Had a very bad experience. Other than nice view of hills from room (We had stayed in Valley View Deluxe Room) nothing is up to the mark. There is no water bottles, mini bar & tea or coffee maker was not available; in spite of that they claim it's a 3 star property. Pillow covers & bed sheets were dirty & stinky. No variety in breakfast. I am very much disappointed with this hotel. Don't stay.
Misty_Mountain : 1115 : Very ordinary stay but kind staff : The hotel location was excellent. I booked standard room. The room was very small and seems to be congested and irritating. Which I like most is the food taste and quality. I did not expect such a good food in this hotel after seeing my room. One thing I must mention that the hotel staff were very kind and helpful. The service was pretty good. I would like to recommend this hotel but don't book the standard room if you don't want to feel yourself in a cage.
Misty_Mountain : 1116 : Staff and service is the only saving grace : I can't imagine a hotel charging almost 3000/- still provides blankets used in Railway Coach. Lot of improvements required in the bedding department. No complementary tea coffee sachets nor tea coffee maker in the room. Seriously no point in paying additional 1000/- rupees for the so called valley facing rooms. But kudos to the staff and front desk staff for helping in anything and every thing we wanted.
Misty_Mountain : 1117 : Great location and offers good facilities : Its about 8 km from Munnar city but its value for money. What a ambiance that the resort has. Really enjoyed staying, great food and view of the valley from the hotel. Really relaxing and worth staying. Do come here and have a memorable moments with all recreational facilities available here.
Misty_Mountain : 1118 : Excellent Stay : Located in a good spot but affected by the surroundings and approach. Staff courteous and helpful. Food menu is also adequate to cater to most palates and cultural issues. Additional charge for internet usage is a sore point as most hotels these days offer it as complimentary. Overall stay was pleasant and can recommend for visitors having business in and around Powai area.
Misty_Mountain : 1119 : there was no welcoming response and there was no communication from the staff about hotel facilities available : As the painting work was going on, there was very strong smell all over and the unfriendly staff.
Misty_Mountain : 1120 : Average Stay : The Positives: The Hotel location is excellent, specially the view from the hotel room (valley view) is superb. We can see tea estates around and on the way to hotel and the view is again good. The rooms are neat and clean but there scope for keeping the windows, curtains and bed sheets/linen more clean and tidy. Everyday after 4 or 5 pm we were seeing mist/cloud around hotel and the view is really breathtaking Negatives: No shower curtain and hence the whole bath room becomes wet after bath. The worst part of the hotel is food. Most of the food items (except for few Kerala dishes) served in breakfast, dinner and food served as room service is tasteless or very mild in taste. The veg food has no taste and is generally not served hot in breakfast In short, hotel has potential to become a real good hotel if food quality/taste and cleanliness is prioritized by administration
Misty_Mountain : 1121 : Good Stay : Name of hotel justifies its location, subtly nestled amongst mist...driving distance to town and notable locations around. Pleasant and hospitable team who take care of their guests well. Value for money hotel.
