Rivulet_Resort : 2 : Rivelute, Munnar : Location was extremely good. Variety and good quality of food. All staff was polite, cooperative and always ready.
Rivulet_Resort : 3 : Excellent Stay : All things are perfect like food stay and service.
Rivulet_Resort : 4 : Loved it! : The Resort is located next to a River and probably the best time to stay there is during monsoons or post monsoons. However we visited in february end and still loved it because of the hospitality of the people there. We got a free upgrade to a villa and it was very beautiful. The Resort has a few activities but nothing extraordinary. Has a spa where you can get some ayurvedic massages. The staff were very courteous and made us feel at home. We thought the food wasn't that great and a little over priced.
Rivulet_Resort : 5 : Good stay, great location : Location and staff of the hotel were excellent, only thing missing was a swimming pool.
Rivulet_Resort : 6 : Free upgrade to premium suite : We booked a royal suite, but we got free upgrade to premium one. Rooms have nice view of River. You will enjoy birds singing in the morning. You might spot few in your balcony. There are other activities in the hotel. It is a big property, you will definitely enjoy your stay.
Rivulet_Resort : 7 :  : Best Resort at best prices. Treks n River is main attraction. Hotel provides many leisure activities. Kids will have fun there
Rivulet_Resort : 8 : Peaceful and serene location : Rivulet Resort is a wonderful place to stay in Munnar. Away from city hustle bustle near river. Best place for couples. Good services.
Rivulet_Resort : 9 : Rivulet Resort and Munnar : It was a three days trip and the experiences are awesome. It will definitely fulfill the thirst of a tour lover. The tour is incomplete without staying at the Rivulet Resort. The Resort provide some in house activity such as nature walk, cycling, bamboo rafting and also some indoor outdoor games equipments.
Rivulet_Resort : 10 : Excellent Stay : Amazing location, view, staff, comfy room and very much recommended for everyone.
Rivulet_Resort : 11 : Awesome place to relax : I like the stay at Rivulet. The rooms and the view from rooms were awesome. Quiet and calm place to relax. The river and mountain view was good. The food and service was nice. Other than the road, to this location was bad, everything else here is good.
Rivulet_Resort : 12 : Excellent place, must visit for couples in Munnar : A comfortable stay in pleasant suit, nice activities with well-behaved staff.
Rivulet_Resort : 13 : Excellent Stay : Nice ambience, nice staff, nice food, traceable. Near Munnar.
Rivulet_Resort : 14 : Amazing place to spend quality time with your loved ones : Amazing place to spend quality time with your loved ones
Rivulet_Resort : 15 : Good resort with serene surrounding : Most rooms have river view. Royal suite is spacious and clean. My room was very close to the river and had great view. But was little away from restaurant which included climbing few stairs. But that was not much issue for me and my family. Food could have been better. Many items in breakfast and dinner buffer were not warm enough. The spread included the usual stuff. It would have been better if there was something there to make it special. One more point on location. This resort is about 14 kms from Munnar and at lower altitude. So not as much cooler to give a proper hill station feel.
Rivulet_Resort : 16 : Too far from the City : This hotel is best if you are here for peace because the City is too far from here and u cannot go outside deluxe rooms was average
Rivulet_Resort : 17 : Great stay, great food, nice hotel : Nice hotel for a family, spacious rooms, great food. Enjoyed the short stay here
Rivulet_Resort : 18 : Food : Food options in buffet was very few, other than that everything was great. Must stay in Rivulet.
Rivulet_Resort : 19 : Excellent view : It's a pleasant stay with a good view but food quality is terrible.
Rivulet_Resort : 20 : Worthy stay : Pleasant stay, staff was very kind.
Rivulet_Resort : 21 : Excellent Stay : It's awesome for me.
Rivulet_Resort : 22 : Rivelute, Munnar : Location was extremely good. Variety and good quality of food. All staff was polite, cooperative and always ready.
Rivulet_Resort : 23 : Excellent Stay : All things are perfect like food stay and service.
Rivulet_Resort : 24 : Loved it! : The Resort is located next to a River and probably the best time to stay there is during monsoons or post monsoons. However we visited in february end and still loved it because of the hospitality of the people there. We got a free upgrade to a villa and it was very beautiful. The Resort has a few activities but nothing extraordinary. Has a spa where you can get some ayurvedic massages. The staff were very courteous and made us feel at home. We thought the food wasn't that great and a little over priced.
Rivulet_Resort : 25 : Good stay, great location : Location and staff of the hotel were excellent, only thing missing was a swimming pool.
Rivulet_Resort : 26 : Free upgrade to premium suite : We booked a royal suite, but we got free upgrade to premium one. Rooms have nice view of River. You will enjoy birds singing in the morning. You might spot few in your balcony. There are other activities in the hotel. It is a big property, you will definitely enjoy your stay.
