Tea_Valley : 2 : Excellent service and staff : The location is really beautiful, very green with vast amount of plant species. Rooms with spectacular view to the green valley. The staff was really helpful and understanding. We really enjoyed our stay here.
Tea_Valley : 3 : Overall good : Resort was overall good. We had a good time there. View from the resort was really awesome. Cleanliness and room service was also satisfactory. Taste of food was okay. The only negative point of the resort was it's little bit away from the town therefore one has to have the lunch and dinner in the resort. There is no nearby restaurant or dhaba.
Tea_Valley : 4 : Fantastic : Don't Miss. Finest Resort and value for money. Food excellent, staff very kind.
Tea_Valley : 5 : Nice isolated property. Best of newly married couples : We had a new nice experience to stay. Ambience is awesome hospitality and Hil type Resort. Staff behaviour is awesome. Hospitality is very courteous.
Tea_Valley : 6 : Good : Overall good, view climate and location.
Tea_Valley : 7 : Good stay but service needs upgrade : We visited Munnar during February 2020 end. The rooms are large and clean. The spacious balcony is one of the best features. The lights in the room are quite dim, they should be upgraded. The fan was moving very slowly and it was a bit warm, so we asked room service to rectify the problem. We were provided with a room fan. The geyser in one of our rooms wasn't working properly and although it was rectified quickly. These are the little things that a hotel can fix in a permanent manner. I wasn't provided the Wi-Fi password until the next morning and I had to complain twice for it. It was needed since there was a network problem. These were not big matters but they add up. Besides these, the stay was good. One more thing and although it wasn't the fault of the resort, the road to the resort seemed to me quite difficult and dangerous.
Tea_Valley : 8 : Excellent Stay : It was overall a great experience staying there however, the rooms are not very nicely maintained.
Tea_Valley : 9 : Good trip : The view from resort is really breathtaking. Splendid tea plantation and deep valley view from our balcony. Food was okay and takes time to prepare if ordered. So, traveler needs to order 30 minutes prior proceeding to restaurant. Staff behavior and services are good. Connecting road from highway need to earmarked. Overall nice and suitable for all.
Tea_Valley : 10 : Tea Valley : Nice place. Great location. Cleanliness amazing. Great food.
Tea_Valley : 11 : Awesome property : Simply wow. The resort is located in Amidst Tea Gardens and at a high altitude giving breathtaking views. Though the accessibility to the resort is through narrow road but the pick and drop facility arranged by the resort makes it easy and convenient to reach there. The breakfast has plenty of items and every item is as delicious as the other one. This resort is surely a property worth recommending to those who loves to stay at peace. Highly recommended.
Tea_Valley : 12 : Good Stay : Nice place. Good location just in nature.
Tea_Valley : 13 : Amazing place to relax : Staff was friendly. Me and my wife enjoyed a lot, the service was amazing.
Tea_Valley : 14 : Very nice stay : Excellent location, all rooms have a beautiful mountain view. Rooms are big and spacious, the balcony sit out was really breathtaking. Good Service, good rooms. Value for money. we really enjoyed our stay.
Tea_Valley : 15 : Excellent view of Tea gardens and valley : Located at a very scenic place, food is good, nice and tidy rooms which are quite old view from room balcony is excellent.
Tea_Valley : 16 : Excellent location : It's very nice place, but the Road almost 1.8 km is very narrow and dangerous.
Tea_Valley : 17 : Good location : I recommend this Resort to family who are looking for relaxing in a calm and quiet area.
Tea_Valley : 18 : Excellent service and behavior : Excellent service and behavior. Awesome food quality in restaurant.
Tea_Valley : 19 : Perfect location for honeymoon : Good gesture by the Resort staff, location between Hills Station gives an icing on the cake
Tea_Valley : 20 : Good : Stay and everything is good. But don't follow the Google map directly check with reception and follow the location.
Tea_Valley : 21 : Family stay : Book room at lower floor as it has got a cottage with no lift. Food was ok and hotel is 4km from Munnar town.
Tea_Valley : 22 : Amazing Tea Valley Resort : Great location, welcoming people, wonderful ambience
Tea_Valley : 23 : Poor Stay : More difficult to search location. Food as per rate not good. The bathroom is smelling. Only the staff is good.
Tea_Valley : 24 :  : Awesome but room need to improve.
Tea_Valley : 25 : Exceed expectation : Location superb, overlooking tea garden, hills and valley. Property very well decorated and well maintained rooms are very spacious, will give all browny points for balcony attached to the rooms. Perfect stay. Awesome location. Trek to the nearby waterfalls was awesome. Only, food is bit expensive there and portion is also not that good.
Tea_Valley : 26 : Excellent Stay : Beautiful. Superb atmosphere and surroundings. Warm and courteous staff. And if you want really feel nature. Best option.
Tea_Valley : 27 : Worth every penny : Amazing view n ambience. Spacious rooms, good food n cooperative staff.
Tea_Valley : 28 : Fantabulous experience : One of the nice stay in Munnar. The access Road to Resort is bad, otherwise Worth staying
Tea_Valley : 29 : It is Worth stay : Good location, amazing tea valley near by you can enjoy. Good staff behavior. View from the room is amazing.
Tea_Valley : 30 : Location : The location of hotel is itself a view point. Amazing view surrounded by sloppy Tea gardens ambient weather and staff service is excellent. Overall Worth visiting once
Tea_Valley : 31 : Nice location : Hotel is in very nice location and hospitality is good
Tea_Valley : 32 : 2 day stay : I liked the clean rooms, attached balcony and location. Staff are also nice. What I don't like is food which is one of the important thing for me. Food is average, plus the road which is connected to hotel is very narrow and has many bumpers which is not safe in night time. Overall good stay. Hotel view and rooms 9 out of 10. Cleaning 8 out 10. Staff 9 out 10 and food 5 out 10.
Tea_Valley : 33 : Awesome honeymoon stay at Tea Valley : It was really an awesome stay at Tea Valley, the staff, specially Mr. Suresh was very co operative and arranged everything for us. The behavior of staff is really good. Will surely visit next time with my entire family and will also recommend the same to my other friends. Keep it up Tea Valley.
Tea_Valley : 34 : Awesome hotel room and view : All things are too good.
Tea_Valley : 35 : Location, food and service are awesome : This resort is good for 1 or 2 days. I stayed here 3 days then last day service is too bad. There was no cleaning of room.
Tea_Valley : 36 : Mesmerising location : I enjoyed the place so much, I can't express in words. It is situated in an isolated place which is so beautiful that you don't feel like going anywhere. Just one thing they need to take care about is the maintenance of their rooms, bathroom and recreation area. Rooms are little old and bathrooms are not up to the mark. Rest all the view, location, food, people everything is just amazing.
Tea_Valley : 37 : Nice location : Great location surrounded by Tea estate and hills. Good food and service. Great stay with family.
Tea_Valley : 38 : Tea Valley Resort : Amazing resort, with friendly staff. Cleanliness was awesome. 5 star stay. Worth it.
Tea_Valley : 39 : Pleasant stay : Had a nice stay and pleasant stay.
Tea_Valley : 40 : Nice Resort : Was a pleasant stay. Good location and service.
Tea_Valley : 41 : Cleanliness : The location of the hotel is very good. Rooms are stinky.
Tea_Valley : 42 : Very nice resort : Stayed 2 nights, ambience is very good. Nice view from balcony. Very good hospitality. The road leading to resort is very narrow and one should be careful while driving. Please ask the resort for directions as Google Maps will mislead you.
Tea_Valley : 43 : Excellent Stay : Very good stay will recommend
Tea_Valley : 44 : Beautiful and romantic : Place was a stunner, must visit.
Tea_Valley : 45 : Awesome view : View from the hotel is very nice and the staff is awesome. Hotel is a bit inside and narrow lanes need good driving skills. Otherwise, it's good resort to relax and chill. Breakfast was good but dinner needs bit improvement.
Tea_Valley : 46 : Nice resort with good view : Everything was superb, including food, the only drawback was they made us to wait for check-in around 30 minutes, otherwise finest resort to stay in Munnar.
Tea_Valley : 47 : Excellent Stay : Located in Tea plantation area you can travel Around Tea plantation
Tea_Valley : 48 : Very good service, : Nice place to stay, climate was very good, affordable price for rooms and location is too good,
Tea_Valley : 49 : Poor : Poor stay. Worst day of my life.
Tea_Valley : 50 : Good property, poor service : Stay is comfortable. But service is not good. Food is okay
Tea_Valley : 51 : Excellent Stay : Very nice place to enjoy your holidays
Tea_Valley : 52 : Tea Valley experience : I traveled in Feb 20. Had a super amazing experience. Staffs at Tea Valley very helpful and nice.
Tea_Valley : 53 : Awesome location for family : Awesome location but reaching here after 6 pm is tough. Flooring in rooms is old and stick, key needs to be replaced.
Tea_Valley : 54 : Awesome location and helpful staff : The place is isolated from city traffic situated in a calm and peaceful location view from all the rooms is amazing. Staff is really helpful and they take immediate action on your request. I will definitely stay at the same place if I visit Munnar again.
Tea_Valley : 55 : Good facility : Nice view from balcony. Hygiene maintenance is good.
Tea_Valley : 56 : Outstanding ambiance and customer service : I am a vivid traveller but hardly get to experience customer service as personalized as this. Ahkil specially took care of all our arrangements personally even when he was on leave. Also, the person at the reception, chef and person who served us were extremely curteous. Resort is so very beautifully maintained that it reminded me of resorts in any rain forests or Bali. I booked the tree house in the property for our anniversary dinner, it was one of the most exotic ambiance I have ever experienced. It was cherry on the cake for us. View from the room was breath taking. Maps location is incorrect but the above mentioned people guided me and it's not hard to locate. Booked taxi at the resort for local tour which was worth it. Drivers were very curteous. One of them even washed my own car while checking out, how nice of them! They even arranged for a drop as the approach road is very narrow. Cons: Approach road speically if you going after sunset. Our room was in the 5th level (not floor, all levels have inclined path way with full of plans and 4-creeper) so was very difficult to commute between room and restraunt, reception. They should have lift. Breakfast had options in Indian cusine but lacked continental options like flavoured yogurt and oats. But I would recommend this report any day. Thank you!
Tea_Valley : 57 : Average stay : Strange Road without any signboard or direction to the hotel. Rooms requires more cleanliness.
Tea_Valley : 58 : Anode amidst mountains : A perfect get away in the lap of nature away from the mundane metro life. Co-operative friendly staff and excellent ambience. Strongly recommended.
Tea_Valley : 59 : Peaceful stay : The property is situated inside a tea estate and naturally the stay is very peaceful. The rooms had very good view as well. Staff were polite and the resort had good amount of activities as well. The only drawback was the property was bit old and hence the room maintenance was average, but the resort makes it up with the price point it is placed at. Overall worth the money spent.
Tea_Valley : 60 : Excellent stay : Staff was very friendly. Food quality was excellent. Neat and clean room. Bonfire was very good.
Tea_Valley : 61 : Stay here for the view : Probably the most beautiful view that any hotel would have to offer. The hotel is a little secluded but the view makes it Worth it. There's not much to do though in the room as the internet is slow. It's clean and safe. Food is slightly better than average. So not go there during the summer as there's no ac in any of the rooms.
Tea_Valley : 62 : Munnar tea garden visit : Location was great for the resort. The room was spacious too. Although the furniture was very old and needs renovation. Breakfast was very good. Lunch and dinner was okay. Vegetarian and specially North Indian food was okay. I would rather suggest to stick to the dal and rice cuisine or non veg food if you eat it. WiFi was a big problem. Kept connecting and disconnecting. Also the network for Vodafone wasn't great either so internet usage did hamper over at the resort. Staff was very kind and polite. There was lot of peace and the stay was very relaxing. So if you are looking to relax this is the spot for you.
Tea_Valley : 63 : Stay at Tea Valley resort : We drove zoom car to resort, last 2 km was an adventurous, narrow road. Hospitality, location of the resort, staff behaviour 5/5. They auto-updated us to luxury suite, view from the resort is mesmerizing.
Tea_Valley : 64 : Mesmerising view and excellent staff service : Our recent stay at the Tea Valley resort was superb. The room was comfortable, the clean best part is the balcony and the view beyond. The main attractions are the bonfire (in the evening time), Treetop house. We planned for a surprise anniversary room decor for my sister & brother in law, which was coordinated by Lijo & team. It couldn't be better. They arranged everything beyond our expectations. Lijo, Bijay, Akhil & others were always helpful in attending our requests.
Tea_Valley : 65 : Nice Resort with beautiful view : Nice Resort with beautiful view. Very clean. Well mannered staff
Tea_Valley : 66 : Rejuvenating : I stayed in the executive cottage for 2 nights and it was truly awesome. Though it is little outside from the city but everything was quite perfect. Quite relaxing. View from balcony was worth of every penny spent for this booking.
Tea_Valley : 67 : Stay in the lap of Tea garden : Beautiful tea garden view from terrace. Food quality is average. staff behavior is good.
Tea_Valley : 68 : Ultimate place to stay in nature : If you want to feel nature in Munnar then you have to stay in Tea Valley Resort. The resort have own adventure activities.
Tea_Valley : 69 : Excellent hotel : Hotel is built on the hill with an excellent view.
Tea_Valley : 70 : Good : It is surrounded by tea estates. However the road is narrow. Staff is good they arranged jeep safari and camping for us. Overall loved the stay.
Tea_Valley : 71 : Good place. But far from city : It is very nice resort. View is amazing from balcony.
Tea_Valley : 72 : Adventurous spot : Sunset view point. A lot of adventure activities in the resort itself, indoor games, and bonfire area, mouth watering food.
Tea_Valley : 73 : Good location and food : Stated 2 nights from 1/26 to 1/28.
Tea_Valley : 74 : Worth staying : Tea Valley Resort have excellent natural ambience. Their staff and services are appreciable. We enjoyed our stay and I recommend this Resort to natural beauty lovers.
Tea_Valley : 75 : A heavenly Resort in nature's lap : I stayed here for 3 nights which I felt was less to do justice to this place. What a beautiful mesmerising place built surrounded by Tea estate all around. I could not take my eyes off from the HD colors of the flowers and plants all over the Resort. About food and restaurant, buffet breakfast is a blast and a food lover's treat. With all the options like aloo paratha, curd, idli, dosa, bread, butter, honey, jam, Tea/coffee, poori bhaji ch hole etc, one cannot decide what to eat and what to skip. There's something for everyone. Restaurant's menu items are also very tasty. We enjoyed a lot. Total area of this Resort is very big and it has an adventurous small trek that you can explore and reach to the top where there is a sunrise point. You can See ducks and other small creatures on this way. Security is up to the mark. Rooms are very large with all modern amenities and a big personal balcony with a Valley view. Completely relaxed and satisfied. There was a campfire organised on a big terrace with DJ music and we all rocked the floor with our moves. The setup was good. All these facilities are included in your stay. All the staff, be it reception, restaurant, housekeeping, security and others, were very polite and always happy to serve you. Thank you very much for making our stay a truly memorable one.
Tea_Valley : 76 : Excellent Stay : Its a nice place to be in. In the middle of the Tea garden and very close to the nature.
Tea_Valley : 77 : Nature : Resort itself is near to nature. No need to roam anywhere to be with nature
Tea_Valley : 78 : Excellent Stay : Fantastic stay there, staff is very nice and food quality is good
Tea_Valley : 79 : Pleasant stay : Beautiful atmosphere, calm place and an awesome room
Tea_Valley : 80 : Great stay : The location, service, food quality, interior and near by area is very good. Visit when you at Munnar holidays
Tea_Valley : 81 : Good location, very well maintained, clean : Location is superb. Food is ok, not great, staff was good
Tea_Valley : 82 : Good : Had a wonderful experience. Enjoyed a lot.
Tea_Valley : 83 : Awesome : Staff is very cooperative, room view is very tremendous, breakfast is very healthy
Tea_Valley : 84 : Tea Valley ambience and food feedback : Tea Valley is a nice place to stay with family or friends. Great ambience and scenic beauty. Food is excellent
Tea_Valley : 85 : Great view. Separate Balcony : Room service was average, for ordering tea, towels, or any requirements I called 2 to 3 times, in short late service, but staffs are very courteous, well-behaved, you need to be prompt for being excellent. Location - Please don't book here if you're planning for Kolukkumalai Jeep safari as roads are under construction it take 1/2 hour more in the morning to reach Suryanelli 30 km - 40 km. Even standard rooms are provided with balcony which has amazing view loved it. Breakfast variety decent, but whatever provided it was hot and tasty. Bathrooms average. Please carry your extra food and snacks because no shops nearby.
Tea_Valley : 86 : Service is good, the property is average : Rooms are of average quality. Staff is good
Tea_Valley : 87 : Life time experience : Hotel is within tea garden, very scenic, staff members are polite and courteous, a very well managed hotel.
Tea_Valley : 88 : Excellent location : Hotel is situated at very good location and rooms were clean. Food was good, could have been slight better. Rooms and wardrobe are old but will give vintage touch which is good if anyone like to stay different.
Tea_Valley : 89 : Excellent atmosphere : Surrounding was calm, hotel staff very friendly
Tea_Valley : 90 : Nice stay at Resort : Wonderful location with scenic picturesque views
Tea_Valley : 91 : Excellent Stay : Awesome location. Staff are very good. They arranged for a site seeing also.
Tea_Valley : 92 : Short 2 days stay at Tea Valley : The rooms are very spacious but need regular maintenance. Courteous staff but the Bengali and North Indian staff need more training on Kerala preps. The view from the hotel is awesome. Service at the restaurant is slow.
Tea_Valley : 93 : Excellent stay : Very nice location in the middle of green tea plantation. Property is well maintained and staff behavior was really good.
Tea_Valley : 94 : Great location : Great food, great service, overall great experience.
Tea_Valley : 95 : Peaceful : Peaceful relaxing stay! Good delicious! Service prompt! Staff courteous!
Tea_Valley : 96 : Awesome view of sunset from the hotel : The best part of the hotel is the delightful view from the large balcony of the room. We stayed on the second floor overlooking tea gardens in the valley. Experiencing sunset from our room balcony was awesome. Food was really good and tasty. Staff was friendly. We could not experience sports activities unique to the hotel due to unavailability of trainer on account of strike in Kerala.
Tea_Valley : 97 : Excellent Stay : It was a great stay. Ambience was awesome. Very picturesque location. Only the approach Road was difficult and tricky.
Tea_Valley : 98 : Stay review : Overall the stay was very good. I would like to appreciate the staff who were very kind and approachable at any point of time. We had complimentary breakfast and separately ordered the dinner (ala-carte) and the taste was very good. Rooms had good view and very neat and clean. Evenings we could had a walk outside the resort and was very peaceful. The road which lead to the resort was narrow, but still enjoyed the drive :). I would highly recommend Tea Valley Resort.
Tea_Valley : 99 : Nice stay : Hotel location in tea plantations is very good, though the access road is not so good. Bit understaffed but people are good and helpful.
Tea_Valley : 100 : Good stay with nice view : Nice view from balcony but it is far from city. Lunch, dinner options are not good. Breakfast is good. Lot of steps you need to climb to reach to room.
Tea_Valley : 101 : Nice stay for couples : Nice and quite stay with awesome views and good staff behaviour
Tea_Valley : 102 : Awesome experience : It's really a nice place to enjoy your vacation. Fantastic staff and the location of the hotel that makes your vacation enjoyable. Thanks a lot team Valley team.
Tea_Valley : 103 : Good location Worth pay : Only have to maintain Road properly.
Tea_Valley : 104 : Excellent staff and marvelous service : Mr. Bivin the general manager and Mr. Suresh both took the responsibility on their head to ensure we dont face any trouble. We had an emergency situation there and Mr. Bivin spontaneously took the decision to take us to the hospital. Such a humble human being. Would really recommend this place, though it's a bit in the interior Side but the calmness of nature Around is Worth being here. Chef Ramdas ensured our taste buds were satisfied with the variety of food being served in breakfast. Though we couldn't enjoy the new year because of the emergency but the staff and service overall rejuvenated the atmosphere Around. Would surely come back soon. Thank you Tea Valley team.
Tea_Valley : 105 : Good Stay : Pleasant stay close to nature, peaceful, calm environment
Tea_Valley : 106 : Perfect place to relax and rejuvenate : Stay was very comfortable, right in the middle of Tea garden. Food was average. Rooms are very spacious and facing the Valley. Staff is very courteous and go extra mile to make you comfortable. Approach Road to hotel is very bad and if you are without own transport then it's a challenge commuting from the Resort.
Tea_Valley : 107 : Stay at Tea Valley : It was a wonderful stay at Tea Valley Resort. Awesome good. Specially the break fast. Staffs were very good. Most importantly location is amazing. Sunset was wonderful to watch.
Tea_Valley : 108 : Excellent service : Staff was so cool and specially Akhil. He was helpful all the time. We had a good time in the Resort. Thanks for the hassle free service
Tea_Valley : 109 : Awesome natural stay. : Love the way Tea Valley is maintained, it's my one of the best stay till date. I have never seen so much greenery and so many different variety of plantation at one place. Highly recommended. Whenever I will be in Munnar I will stay in Munnar.
Tea_Valley : 110 : Awesome sightseeing from resort : The location of the resort is awesome, we can have all the sightseeing within the resort. The ambience is also good. Please also provide proper navigation to reach to resort as map location is not correct.
Tea_Valley : 111 : Munnar trip : We were expecting temperature around 9 in Munnar but surprisingly it was hot, no fog/mist. Hotel is good. You get nice view of mountain. 2 days not enough, you need at least 3/4 to have breathing time to relax.
Tea_Valley : 112 : Review as family. : Excellent sceneric view and flowers plantations at hotel. Super good. Staff was caring. Vegetarian food was difficult to approach and road is difficult without own car.
Tea_Valley : 113 : Tea Valley Resort at Munnar : The Resort is very nice. The location and cleanliness was good.
Tea_Valley : 114 : Amazing location : Very peaceful and beautiful resort. Must visit in Munnar. I will definitely revisit here again.
Tea_Valley : 115 : Poor maintenance : Great view from the balcony, but very dangerous Road, slow wi-fi connection, room service also not good. We stayed on new year night but dinner food was not much good. They have to improve food quality and infrastructure
Tea_Valley : 116 : Good hotel with beautiful tea garden : Hotel location is very beautiful, in the middle of tea gardens. View from the balcony is mesmerizes everyone eyes. Staff behavior was good. They lack in some bathroom cleanliness. It's was not smells good the day we checked in. We requested for breakfast packing for next day check out at 7 am. When we came next day for check out the guy at reception was don't know anything about our request. Evening guy at the previous evening confirm ed us twice for breakfast packing on the day of check out. But later after waiting for 15 mints they able to provide fruits and sandwiches. Overall it was good experience.
Tea_Valley : 117 : Unforgettable honeymoon : I stayed here in the month of December-2019, reaching here requires a personal vehicle or you can also reach my auto-rickshaw, etc. Easily available in Munnar Town, since a bit far from town this place offers a great peaceful environment. Pros 1. Awesome view 2. Awesome clean resort. 3 awesome surroundings for perfect walks. 4. Awesome breakfast and dinner with great varieties. 5. Real helpful staff. Cons 1. A little expensive for budget travellers but worth every penny.
Tea_Valley : 118 : Below average : We got a big room, but it was smelly, so I asked the room attendant to use room freshener.
Tea_Valley : 119 : Great views and rooms : Big sized rooms and a stunning view make this hotel a must visit in Munnar
Tea_Valley : 120 : Awesome : Was not sure how it will be until we reached the hotel. Surrounded by Tea gardens, the view from the balcony was a treat to the eyes. Food quality and service was excellent. The behaviour of hotel staff was also very warm and friendly. Overall a nice place to plan your stay.
Tea_Valley : 121 : Tea Valley Resort : Had a good time. Beautifully located property with stunning views. All staffs were very friendly and helpful. Clean room and washroom.
Tea_Valley : 122 : Terrible food : The food which they served were not upto the mark. Kids play area was not working properly.
Tea_Valley : 123 : Excellent Stay : Enjoyed my 2 days stay in the resort. Great place to stay with excellent view from the room of tea valley as well as of the hills. Support staff very cooperative. Only issue is with the approach road to reach the hotel. The driver of the cab needs to be an expert but once you are in the campus, relax and fully enjoy the scenic beauty of Munnar from the resort. Value for money.
Tea_Valley : 124 : Awesome location : Nice location of hotel. Just improve infrastructure
Tea_Valley : 125 : Worth a visit : If ever in Munnar, visit the hotel. Beautiful location and with many activities (we were there for just 2 days). No need to travel out and you can spend entire day at the hotel. Will visit for a longer stay in future.
Tea_Valley : 126 : Tea Valley : Beautiful location but isolated and approach Road is dangerous. Not recommended for elderly as no lift. Food quality average. Staff was helpful
Tea_Valley : 127 : Worst hotel I ever seen : Don't book this hotel we booked for two days but we can't able to sleep single night in this hotel. Room cleanliness is so poor even public wash room is good compare to this hotel.
Tea_Valley : 128 : Property is good however service is terrible. Wifi not working. Mobile phone connectivity not there in room. Intercom not working. Hot water not coming. Quality of food is even not tasty : Property is good however service is terrible. Wifi not working. Mobile phone connectivity not there in room. Intercom not working. Hot water not coming. Quality of food is even not tasty.
Tea_Valley : 129 : At tea plantation : Nice place to stay and food also good. Route to the hotel is bad. You can enjoy stay and tracking.
Tea_Valley : 130 : Excellent : Great stay and good facilities
Tea_Valley : 131 : Best hotel and location : Best hotel and location View is excellent
Tea_Valley : 132 : Good place but not if you are looking to relax : If you are trying to find a place that lets you unwind after your daily city grind then this is not the place for you. The hotel location and facilities promise you of a great time but sadly do not deliver. On Christmas eve there was so much noise coming in from the dining area, music was being played so loud that my room with all the doors and windows shut, still managed to feel like an underground disco. I complained 4-5 times to the hotel to lower the volume of the music but it all fell on deaf ears. I will definitely not visit this hotel again.
Tea_Valley : 133 : Excellent location : Very comfortable stay, very good staff behavior, great rooms and location, highly recommend.
Tea_Valley : 134 : Great location : Great view, old colonial feel cottages. A hit interior, but worth the drive. Food is ok.
Tea_Valley : 135 : Good place to visit : Clean and good best resort in Munnar.
Tea_Valley : 136 : Resort in midst of valley : Amazing hospitality and thanks to Mr Suresh for site seeing tips and assisting us in all possible ways. Resort has clean rooms, bathrooms, hot water, attached balcony with view to tea plantations.
Tea_Valley : 137 : Beautiful Munnar : Excellent hotel with best location and scenic beauty. Must stay once. If visiting in your car, then 1.5 km of approach road is very narrow.
Tea_Valley : 138 : Best place to stay : I booked luxury cottage and its good. Road is narrow so book with dinner plan at night or a la carte.
Tea_Valley : 139 : Value for money : Excellent location among lush green tea gardens, breathtaking view from the rooms, nice rooms, courteous staff. Overall, value for money!
Tea_Valley : 140 : Nice Resort : Tea Valley resort is on noce location and staff also excellent.
Tea_Valley : 141 : A life time experience : Hotel was situated in tea garden of Munnar. You can panoramic view of Munnar Valley. North Indian food is also available. Staff is very cooperative and humble. You must visit this place.
Tea_Valley : 142 : Awesome : Overall good experience with the resort. Well maintained infrastructure, neat and clean. Good ambiance, well supported staffs etc.
Tea_Valley : 143 : Jaideep Shah : Boarding at the hotel was ok due to its very view of Munnar from hotel rooms but quality of food needs to be improved at lot as food was not upto the mark as expected.
Tea_Valley : 144 : Excellent Stay : Very good stay. Hotel staff was very helpful. Nice food.
Tea_Valley : 145 : Clam and relaxing location with nature's touch : Had a good stay with this hotel for 2 nights, it's a really memorable experience at Munnar. Very nice location in tea estate itself.
Tea_Valley : 146 : Good location : Recommended for honeymoon couples
Tea_Valley : 147 : Hotel location is very good : Hotel location is very good. View from hotel is nice.
Tea_Valley : 148 : Awesome stay! : "Ambiance and multi-cuisine food were excellent. The staffs were very courteous and helpful. Suitable for all types of tourists ( couples, families l, bikers and solo travelers). Stay in the midst of tea valley was absolutely memorable and refreshing."
Tea_Valley : 149 : Beautiful resort : Resort was very beautiful. We enjoyed it. Good people.
Tea_Valley : 150 : Relaxing stay in the midst of nature : The property is in the midst of nature which made our stay very relaxing and enjoyable. The tree house, nature trail and adventure trek is a good experience. The rooms are very spacious with an awesome balcony overlooking the lush green tea plantations.
Tea_Valley : 151 : Awesome place : Tea Valley is a wonderful and lovely location, slightly away from the main town, the way to reach is slightly narrow but you can easily reach via taxi/car. But to get a nature view, location is obvious. It was a pleasant stay. Had camp fire as well in night. Food was good. Hospitality was very nice. Overall nice stay.
Tea_Valley : 152 : Nice view with surrounding : Surrounding is very good and you have access to complete property. It's good place to spend couple of days.
Tea_Valley : 153 : Stay in mountains : Stayed at Tea valley resort for 2 nights with family. It's a beautiful place with an amazing view of tea fields from the balcony, morning with creeping of birds. Breakfast was also good but should have more food options. All over it was a good to stay.
Tea_Valley : 154 : Excellent Stay : Staying at Tea Valley Resort was a great experience. Those searching for a room with a good scenic view then this is it.
Tea_Valley : 155 : Excellent place to chill out : Excellent place to stay and nice food
Tea_Valley : 156 : Good stay : Great view from the hotel! Great location
Tea_Valley : 157 : Site location : Hotel site location is very good fantastic. Hotel is surrounded by tea plantation, site view is so beautiful.
Tea_Valley : 158 : Overall decent stay : The upside of this Resort is that it has absolutely stunning views, decent food and courteous staff. The downside is that the Road to the Resort is not well maintained and room cleaning is not timely. Hot water is not consistent.
Tea_Valley : 159 : Two days stay with amazing experience : Stay was good and they had made amazing things such has trekking activities, indoor playing games, tree hut within hotel.
Tea_Valley : 160 : Munnar stay : Pleasant stay. Beautiful view
Tea_Valley : 161 : Food is not good : Location is awesome but food quality they must improve.
Tea_Valley : 162 : Great family vacay : Had a wonderful experience at the hotel. Hotel staff especially Mr. Suresh were very courteous and facilitator. Great experience at resort. Would advise people to visit here.
Tea_Valley : 163 : Location is fine but hotel room are old. Won't recommend : Good location but quality of rooms, furnitures are bad.
Tea_Valley : 164 : Totally waste of money : I never expect such a poor response from make my trip and Tea Valley Resort customer service
Tea_Valley : 165 : Pleasant stay : Excellent ambience, good and fast service, prompt behaviour.
Tea_Valley : 166 : Excellent Stay : Visited the property yesterday with my family just for one night. The hospitality made me feel as comfortable as home. Very friendly staff especially Mr. Suresh (front office staff) and Mr. Lijo (Fandb manager) both of them was very helpful and always had a smile in their face. We had a wonderful spread of breakfast especially the chutney was awesome. Thanks to all of you for making our short stay such a memorable one.
Tea_Valley : 167 : Road : Terrible staffs not giving proper direction to the hotel.
Tea_Valley : 168 : Good experience : I love the location. I always prefer travelers to stay at Tea Valley Resort.
Tea_Valley : 169 : Beautiful hotel : Tea Valley Resort is very beautiful hotel with peaceful and mind-blowing location, staff behavior is also very good, value for money. Must stay.
Tea_Valley : 170 : Excellent Stay : Excellent hotel. Not too expensive as compared to other Munnar city hotels. Hotel ambience is too friendly. Best in service. Perfect place for photo shoot also. Tea valley view is beautiful. Class hotel in small budget. Wonderful experience.
Tea_Valley : 171 : Tea Valley Resort : The Resort is very good, situated in a very nice location. The rooms are very good. Food is also very good. Worth to visit again and again
Tea_Valley : 172 : Memorable and peaceful stay : A very beautiful, well maintained and attractive place to stay polite, courteous and helpful staff, located amongst beautiful tea gardens, food, rooms and service provided was on point.
Tea_Valley : 173 : Best location and courteous staff : One of best hotels in Munnar, set in between the Tea plantations and the manager offer me an upgrade in my room booked to the top most room with the best view. Prompt room service and great breakfast and nicely maintained property. Will definitely recommend to couples and family.
Tea_Valley : 174 : Feedback : Everything about the Resort was good except the Tea. And also the food was costly
Tea_Valley : 175 : Tea Valley : The hotel is surrounded by tea plantation, the view is nice from the hotel. The rooms are cozy and comfortable.
Tea_Valley : 176 : Excellent view : The view is awesome and the Resort is spread across a couple of acres which is the best part of it. Lot of activities for those who wants to stay back in the Resort
Tea_Valley : 177 : Tea Valley Resort excellent place to stay : Resort location, ambiance, cleanliness and everything is par excellence.
Tea_Valley : 178 : Excellent hotel, food, service : Excellent hotel, food, service. Staff behavior is excellent, food excellent, service excellent. Little bit Road issue 23 km while reaching hotel.
Tea_Valley : 179 : Good hotel, good location, scary roads : The hotel and staff are really good. Lijo specifically is really helpful and kind. The location is too beautiful but be sure you are prepared to drive on a single lane hill road with no protection and light scary but adventurous. Good stay overall.
Tea_Valley : 180 : An amazingly designed resort at exotic real Tea Valley : I stayed in this resort with my wife for 4 nights. The road taking us to this resort is very narrow and looks like a adventure trip but local drivers will take you very safely. Once you enter this property, you will start admiring the beauty around. Lush green tea farms around, so much greenery inside the resort, nicely designed rooms, cottages , bird chirping ad very fresh climate will make you happy. Pros: 1) Location of the resort. Located on a slope surrounded by tea farms. 2) Food variety is very nice. Live counter of egg omelet is great at breakfast time. 3) Nicely designed rooms with all necessary amenities and an amazing view outside your room/balcony. 4) Courteous staff. 5) From adventure activities to indoor games everything is inside this resort. Cons: 1) Entire resort is located on a slope of tea valley. So you have to climb so many steps every time to reach your room/cottage. Difficult for senior citizens. 2) Our room was honeymoon suite. But it lacks some basic things. e.g. A very dim light inside bathroom, same old style soaps instead of bath gels which is now days very common in star hotels. 3) The cost of food is overpriced and quantity was very less. I complained once about dalkhichadi quantity, in reply they provided extra food. Which is positive thing but you need to keep an eye on what you are paying and what and how much you are getting. 4) The hotel located very far from main market. You have to take a cab every time the go on sightseeing or to buy anything from market. Resort doesn't have even basic medicines for emergency. So make sure you carry your own. Overall amazing experience at this property. Will recommend for romantic stay at exotic location.
Tea_Valley : 181 : Excellent Resort, scenic location, very friendly staff : This is a very beautiful Resort. The location is very scenic, surrounded by Tea plantation on a hill. There is a lot to do in the Resort as well. The staff is very helpful and polite. It is situated a bit far from the Town. It helps if you have your vehicle.
Tea_Valley : 182 : Nice experience : I would rate 5/5, wonderful experience.
Tea_Valley : 183 : Nice : Nice place, food, good service mind.
Tea_Valley : 184 : Awesome stay at Munnar couple and family : The resort holds the best view, location near to Munnar Town at 7 km exactly with nice tea valley view while reaching resort. You can view pothamedu view point while crossing. The best part is breakfast, ambience, clean cottages, service of staff, location plays a big role of the resort. The adventure plays in top three hut, tree house and other games includes with resort. You should have a vehicle or hire cab to and fro for the resort. Else no other transportation will be availed locally. Will book again surely with this resort.
Tea_Valley : 185 : Excellent Stay : Wonderful location. Scenic view. Peaceful environment. Lot of activities and entertainment. Nice and quality time.
Tea_Valley : 186 : Tea Valley Resort : The place was located in the middle of Tea plantation. It was so nice and beautiful that we loved it. The service of the hotel was also very good. Would love to visit the hotel again.
Tea_Valley : 187 : Go for it : We had a visit to Munnar, and had our stay here. On every scale I can say, this restaurant kept its quality ahead. Be it on value for money, cleanliness, couple friendliness, service, food anything.
Tea_Valley : 188 : Hotel was nice : Hotel was nice, location was superb, rooms could have been cleaned better (especially doors)
Tea_Valley : 189 : An experience not to be missed : Having the picturesque Munnar town in front and situated amidst the the tea gardens, Tea Valley offers a memorable stay for the guests. The rooms are spacious and clean. The room we stayed in had a beautiful balcony with a stunning view. Breakfasts here are something not to be missed. Food is really good here, a bit on the pricyside. There are several activities to be enjoyed. Overall this place most definitely is highly recommended!
Tea_Valley : 190 : Good location, mind blowing views from resort : Very comfortable and romantic atmosphere through out the resort and very friendly staff.
Tea_Valley : 191 : Excellent service, views and food but difficult approach and less cleanliness : Stay at the Tea Valley Resort was reasonably pleasant with excellent views, but there were a couple of issues in reaching the place and the initial room cleanliness. The approach road is currently not surfaced and is in a poor state with no signs to indicate the directions to be taken. The rooms were not cleaned when we arrived, but were cleaned satisfactorily when we requested the staff to clean them. Otherwise the Staff was good enough and considerate. Food provided was excellent (breakfast and dinner). Would recommend the establishment to setup proper signs to reach the property and to ensure room cleanliness prior to guest arrival.
Tea_Valley : 192 : Excellent to stay : Amazing staff very cordial. Nice to stay there with enjoy the natural scenery.
Tea_Valley : 193 : Best place to spend your vacation at Munnar : It is located interior in Munnar. This resort have lot of places like leisure area, walking area, garden area, tree house, kids area and more entertaining areas. You need at least 2 days to completely cover this resort. Food items are limited and taste is awesome. Rooms are nice, room service is good and prompt. Service is good. Most of the resort people know about me. They always welcome us with smile on everywhere. Must visit.
Tea_Valley : 194 : Great service from the entire team : Great service and assistance provided by the entire team. Only one suggestion, kindly update location on Google map along with landmarks as the existing location on Google map is misleading.
Tea_Valley : 195 : The location and d natural scenery from room is great : The staffs are very friendly. A stay there out of d concrete jungle is a must try.
Tea_Valley : 196 : Heavenly views with warm hospitality : Staff very polite and helpful. Each cottage like building has 3 levels, with an attached balcony in each room, which have spectacular views of the rolling tea plantations all around. The resort has an indoor games room (not what you should be doing in Munnar). Treetop adventures, rock climbing on the hill face are available for those enthusiastic enough. Every evening, bonfire with music is arranged, which is a great experience. Best enjoyed if you have a large group traveling together. Food is great. Breakfast buffet had variety and I recommend taking the package including both breakfast and dinner. Approach road is narrow, winding through tea plantation, but we faced no problems in either of the 4 trips we made, to and from the resort. Do visit the topmost view point in the resort. Overall, highly recommended.
Tea_Valley : 197 : Awesome views : It's located in middle of tea estates and at cliff of the valley. View from balcony is excellent. But there were some small insects in the room as hotel is surrounded by tea estates. Food is average. Children pay area is not good. Except slide and two swings, no other things in children play area. Even activity room is not well equipped to spend time. Overall it's average but for nature lovers, valley views are awesome.
Tea_Valley : 198 : Got lost reaching to the hotel : No intimation about the correct route and correct location is not mentioned on Google maps. Had a terrible experience on reaching the hotel
Tea_Valley : 199 : Resort with experience of nature : Excellent resort, good service from house keeping. Bonfire with music starts at 7 pm evening. Before kitchen is closed, you get notified to accept last order.
Tea_Valley : 200 : Heavenly stay at the Tea Valley : Mesmerized by everything at the Tea Valley Resort, Munnar, Location, food, service, cleanliness, recreation, scenic nature beauty surrounded by fog, tea garden mountains, beautiful flora vegetation, awesome experience, shall visit again very soon.
Tea_Valley : 201 : Location, food and service : Every thing is good is this location of hotel food ND service
Tea_Valley : 202 : Location : It was good to stay here, beautiful location.
Tea_Valley : 203 : Nice stay at very Natura Nice stay at very natural location : Stay was nice, staff were very friendly. There breakfast was very rich. Location is off the Town in the Valley, Google shows wrong way to reach. Take local help
Tea_Valley : 204 : Happy stay : A pleasant stay at great location to spend personal times break fast is excellent, dinner we had something little bit not liked. And service is great. It's a remote location from Town, if you want go other places need to plan before your journey.
Tea_Valley : 205 : Nice stay : Excellent location, pleasant stay.
Tea_Valley : 206 : Awesome experience : Nice location and awesome experience
Tea_Valley : 207 : Excellent and can be suggest : Very nice and awesome experience and view
Tea_Valley : 208 : Tea Valley : The location was good, staff was amazing. Food can be little better.
Tea_Valley : 209 : Excellent property for nature lovers : First thing to mention is the location of the property, it's perfect. Staff is also very co-operative. Overall very good experience. Food is good but could have been better.
Tea_Valley : 210 : Location and cleanliness : The hotel is located bit far from the main road and the road is narrow and in bad condition. With this rate I was expecting cleaner rooms and bathrooms with proper/additional toiletries. Food was good. Check-in check-out was hassle free.
Tea_Valley : 211 : Good : Everything was good staff also very supportive
Tea_Valley : 212 : Great stay : Scenic location, great infrastructure, overall excellent
Tea_Valley : 213 : Amazing experience : Little away from Munnar city, but that's the key point for amazing view of Tea vally and utmost pleasant environment. Food is also fantastic. Polite staff, ample parking, food for drivers available (no charge on our bill). All in all, it's kind of must stay hotel.
Tea_Valley : 214 : Average Stay : They need interior all the rooms and furniture was so old.
Tea_Valley : 215 : Stay at Tea Valley Resort : Good spacious rooms with balcony. Nice view from balcony. Overall a comfortable stay
Tea_Valley : 216 : Awesome location in Munnar : It's pleasant stay in Munnar. It is in front of Tea plantation. Awesome ambiance. It is a very much preferable location to stay in Munnar. Early morning view will be highlight to the stay and also night climate will be enjoyable.
Tea_Valley : 217 : Nice location : Location of property was very good between the Hills. Misty clouds surrounding the rooms gives a thrilling experience along with campfire on the roof top. Rooms were spacious and clean but can be better if given a modern touch though old is Gold. Nice experience.
Tea_Valley : 218 : Weekend at Tea Valley : The place is situated in a very calm and serene location. The route to get there from Town is a little tricky though. The rooms had a very picturesque and scenic view of the Tea estate and the Valley below. We did find some issues with respect to the house keeping of the rooms. The food is a little on the pricier Side. But overall a very good stay.
Tea_Valley : 219 : Stay : Amazing views from the room. Camp fire and live music add to the experience.
Tea_Valley : 220 : Good Stay : Location is excellent. Services are nice
Tea_Valley : 221 : Superb stay : Wonderful stay at tea valley resort! view from room was simply amazing. 5 star rating from my end.
Tea_Valley : 222 : Beautiful stay : Location is awesome as it provide panoramic view of Munnar. Food and services is also good.
Tea_Valley : 223 : Good Stay : Quaint resort with breathtaking view and excellent staff. Average food quality, room furnishing was way below expectation. Breakfast spread was good and the game room is nice too. Plus if the weather is cold and you request they may put up a bonfire for you. Far away from city so once you check-in you can't go out downtown. Road outside the hotel is a nice trek for morning walkers.
Tea_Valley : 224 : Fantastic location, service is very good : Prompt service Great location Staff very helpful
Tea_Valley : 225 : Beautiful : Absolutely mesmerized by the view from hotel. Dinner and breakfast are superb both variety and taste wise. Will surely recommend this beautiful Resort.
Tea_Valley : 226 : A very nice stay : The ambiance of the hotel was very good. We had a great time. The last 1 km to the hotel is very tricky and only experienced drivers can navigate it. The furniture and the room were a little old. No issues other than these. The service was great too.
Tea_Valley : 227 : Very nice resort : Very nice resort, very good place for sight seeing.
Tea_Valley : 228 : Excellent Stay : Very good ambiance and nice stay.
Tea_Valley : 229 : Tea Valley : Beautiful view, food was good, friendly and courteous staff.
Tea_Valley : 230 : Not clean, dirty : Very bad service, I booked and requested for date change even though room empty denied my request, Makemy trip service is even more worse than hotel.
Tea_Valley : 231 : Poor Stay : Food is not good. Stinking washroom.
Tea_Valley : 232 : Vacation time : The food which they serve is expensive and it's not worth paying so much. However, complimentary breakfast which they provide is good.
Tea_Valley : 233 : Location is a bit long from city : It was good location for nature lovers.
Tea_Valley : 234 : Amazing Tea estate : The Resort Tea valley is an old one and slightly run down. But the view from the balcony was amazing. Food was average. The staff is very courteous. The rooms do mot have ventilation once you close the balcony door and windows. I would suggest to put nets on the windows so that it lets in fresh air and prevents mosquitoes. The room size is good.
Tea_Valley : 235 : Resort having excellent view and 'Shanti' : Food is good but not friendly for child's, mean food point of view.
Tea_Valley : 236 : Hotel teal Valley Resort an excellent location : The hotel is having an excellent location. It is having a very large area and very good for nature lovers due to its large trekking area and flora and fauna
Tea_Valley : 237 : Excellent Stay : Location is wonderful. We thoroughly enjoyed the view of the Tea Valley and its beautiful surrounding. Its a pleasure to stay in the Tea Valley Resort. Food was really enjoyable with the buffet system. The staff at the Tea Valley Resort was really kind and help full.
Tea_Valley : 238 : Awesome resort : Location is a bit far from Munnar city, kind of trekking.
Tea_Valley : 239 : Beautiful resort in midst of nature : We enjoyed the stay at Tea Valley Resort, it's a bit far out but that's the beauty if it feels you are in the middle of nature, calm beautiful and serene. Our room had a smaller balcony compared to other rooms which had a terrace, we should have gone for terrace. Staff is friendly and courteous, special mention to Mr. Suresh.
Tea_Valley : 240 : Best service and stay for a hill side location. Not a classic business class : The hotel is not a business call cleanliness but best in the class of hill side resort in a dense lush green valley. And driving to resort is a challenge as there is an off road which Google map showing, that can't be reached by a normal car. It need a 4*4 jeep. So please call the resort and confirm the route from main road. There is less navigation. The other road is a narrow tea valley road which should be carefully driven. And not suggest to drive the way during 6-pm to 6-am due to heavy mist and fog which might block your vision. Not much breakfast varieties but it suffice all foodies like India and foreign. It's really a worth for a full couple of day stay, to experience the climate change. Well mannered staffs!
Tea_Valley : 241 : Super place : Place is beautiful. Food is good. Staff is friendly. I stayed twice there.
Tea_Valley : 242 : Pathetic attitude of hotel staff : They have provided towel to each and everyone but when I asked they said that they can't provide as they don't have. I to means that the persons who had booked directly from there were getting good services and who booked from MMT or anywhere else were not getting a proper response. Pathetic hotel management which really need to look forward if you want to stand in this hospitality sector. Pathetic
Tea_Valley : 243 : Super : The hotel was nice and beautiful, staff and service was excellent. But we find some difficulty to locate the hotel.
Tea_Valley : 244 : Excellent Stay : Good location, polite staff, tasty foods, spacious rooms.
Tea_Valley : 245 : Excellent Stay : Awesome location. Staffs are friendly and cooperative. Overall good experience.
Tea_Valley : 246 : Fantabulous : The perfect stay for couple. What lovely ambiance! Really amazing experience. Best pick for couples.
Tea_Valley : 247 : Good Stay : Beautiful ambiance, enough room size, excellent variety of the food, best experience.
Tea_Valley : 248 : The resort management are totally customer friendly. would surely stay here again : Resort team are completely service oriented and high of human nature. Great
Tea_Valley : 249 : Perfect family stay hotel : If you are visiting Munnar then this is the place I will strongly recommend.
Tea_Valley : 250 : Great location and friendly staff : Tea Valley Resort is at a great location. The view from the balcony was amazing. From the reception to the room, the pathway built is dramatic, full of lush green trees with different varieties of flowers. They have made a path for trekking point and sunset point. Sunset point is just 10 minutes trek up from the resort and you can have a beautiful photogenic view of all Munnar tea valleys. And hence the name is suitable for the resort. Hotel's restaurant is also good, a good variety of food is available. Staff at the hotel, especially the supervisor at the hotel, Lijo was very helpful and always smiling. They serve good food with smiling faces. The rooms were good and clean with balconies. A breathtaking view is available from balcony. Bedsheets were not so clean but I am sure if you will ask them to change they will do it. We didn't ask. Furniture and doors are a little bit older and can be improved. The assistant Sudhakar was also very helpful and showed us nice towel art. The overall stay was nice. I'll recommend this hotel.
Tea_Valley : 251 : Good stay : It was experienced like home and location is some how tricky but manageable
Tea_Valley : 252 : Pleasant stay : This resort is located amidst a tea plantation as the name suggests. It is a nice and beautiful location with a nice view of the hills.
Tea_Valley : 253 : Wonderful experience : The hotel is in the mid of a tea estate. Sunsets are beautiful, rooms are cozy with scenic beauty. Only issue is connectivity to the nearest market but hotel can arrange cabs. Food was yummy. Mr. Suresh is a good person.
Tea_Valley : 254 : Couple friendly : Good service with very good ambiance.
Tea_Valley : 255 : Pleased : Overall experience was pleasing. But need to improve on the dinner menu. Room curtains are stained and need to be changed. Plenty of place to have fun around the Resort.
Tea_Valley : 256 : Good stay in Tea Valley : Stay in Tea Valley is very interesting, the balcony view in each cottage is super, wonderful experience inside the Tea Valley because it was inside the the estate.
Tea_Valley : 257 : Excellent Tea estate hotel : Good service, quick service, and well managed clean hotel.
Tea_Valley : 258 : Nature stay : Enjoyed the stay in the nature
Tea_Valley : 259 : Anyone's 1 stop destination in Myanmar at Tea Valley : Fantastic location. So humble and helping staffs. Hospitality at the best at this wonderful property.
Tea_Valley : 260 : My Munnar visit : We had an unforgettable stay at Tea Valley Resort, nestled amidst tea garden. Views were great, comforts were fine, food was good and service in reception, housekeeping, and the restaurant was fantastic. Complimentary bed and board for driver were an unexpected. Airtel phone link not there, but wifi worked without a glitch.
Tea_Valley : 261 : Awesome : It was a great experience, nice Tea Valley view and awesome climate.
Tea_Valley : 262 : Excellent Stay : Nice property. Good location. Excellent service. Good variety and quality is more than adequate. Require improvement in bedding. Bathroom was clean and other accessories good.
Tea_Valley : 263 : Average Stay : Average hotel, voltage problems resulting in sleepless nights.
Tea_Valley : 264 : Good Stay : Nice location. Good food. Good staffs. Excellent service.
Tea_Valley : 265 : Wonderful weekend getaway : Amazing location of the resort.
Tea_Valley : 266 : Good location but old unclean property : Location is excellent but property is very poorly maintained. There is fungus om furniture and the cleaning staff is very casual in their attitude.
Tea_Valley : 267 : Sojurn in nature : Teal Valley is nestled among the tea gardens with great views from the room. We were happy to have been given the top most room with the best view. A little away from the main town but it is an ideal place to relax in the warmth of nature. Food was excellent and the chef also made special dishes as per our liking.
Tea_Valley : 268 : Suresh the excellent : I have stayed 3 nights in the resort. View was excellent and service was extraordinary especially Suresh was very courteous and helpful throughout the stay.
Tea_Valley : 269 : Reaching your destination makes it more exciting : A well maintained spacious room with balcony facing South giving you an entire view of the Valley and Tea plantations. You would love spending time for a few more days.
Tea_Valley : 270 : Great view. : Excellent stay for 3 days away from noises. Totally surrounded by Tea plantation. Every room has a balcony with great view. Food is good, but needs improvement. Need room heating facility.
Tea_Valley : 271 : Stay at Tea Valley Resort Munnar : Please do not be fooled by the entrance. It's a little inside from the main road but through the tea valley its an amazing experience. There are 29 rooms and all were filled with guests arriving or leaving from the resort but it shows the popularity of the resort among all. The resort is in between the tea valley which can be only visible once the Sun rises. The amazing sun welcomes you in the morning and slowly the fog takes over to make it more picturesque. You have an amazing experience of having breakfast on the terrace or balcony with either sun or fog on your side. The staff are good and humble to take care of your every request (small.or big). The food is good though it takes a little longer for your order to arrive. There are few activities which will make you sweat but it closes during monsoon for the risk of guests getting injured. Also the resort is in between garden and hence you will not feel bored. Then the Tree House is a good experience for photos and a cup of tea. Now comes the staff who are good and helpful. Suresh Jesu the front desk person helps you out with cab or any stuff you require. Satish is another great help and understands Telegu(helpful for the Telegu speaking crowd). Rahul is another helpful person. Finally a special skilled person the Room Service Manager Sudhakar is helpful and knows towel art. So spare sometime and he will show you amazing towel art.
Tea_Valley : 272 : They have supported us my wife fell down in the room and her right elbow broke they support in great manner never forget for such kindness : This is one of the value for money, hotel best part of the hotels are staff food and it's view point. But some parts needs to improve like basic thing not available only when you asked then they will provide like dental kit, comb, hand towel and road to reach hotel is very poor.
Tea_Valley : 273 : Beautiful view from hotel : Beautiful view from luxury cottage. Neat and clean hotel.
Tea_Valley : 274 : Good atmosphere : Food average Room average Atmosphere good
Tea_Valley : 275 : Nice and comfortable stay : Everything was good except wifi issue which can be avoidable but due to low connectivity and network issues we were entirely dependable on wifi. Airtel users, you need to arrange Jio or Vodafone as Airtel services are not available there.
Tea_Valley : 276 : Munnar Tea Valley resorts : Great place, excellent service, delicious food, courteous service.
Tea_Valley : 277 : Superb hotel : Nice Resort, I really enjoyed. Very nice ambiance
Tea_Valley : 278 : Tea Valley Resort is the best place in budget Resort in Munnar. : The Resort is maintained with full of green and good healthy nature. The breakfast is very good and quality is very good the staff behavior is very good and especially the Telugu staff who are awesome in dedication to there work and carenes with the guests. Good place to stay and enjoy.
Tea_Valley : 279 : Money worth stay. : Nice hotel to stay. Nice staff behavior and good food quality.
Tea_Valley : 280 : Awesome views : This resort's location is the best part of the property. You get breathtaking views of the Valley from each cottage. The property is very well maintained and the staffs are super nice. We liked the stay and will recommend to all our friends.
Tea_Valley : 281 : Excellent Stay : Superb love it. Room was awesome.
Tea_Valley : 282 : Tea Valley Resort Munnar : The location and the atmosphere is great. The food served is excellent including the complimentary breakfast. The Road to the Resort as usual to most of the resorts in Munnar, is little bit on the negative Side, but not the worst.
Tea_Valley : 283 : Beautiful property : The property is located 2 km away from the main road within a tea garden. It is very well maintained and the view from all the rooms is amazing. The hotel had good service.
Tea_Valley : 284 : Good stay. : Awesome location and delicious breakfast.
Tea_Valley : 285 : Heavenly place! : Second heaven I have say for the location, great ambiance, we loved the food there the kitchen management was great, service was on the go. Humble staff. We loved our stay at the Resort. Thanks for this great experience!
Tea_Valley : 286 : Best place in Munnar : Everything was excellent. Starting from the front desk staff to the food. Great staff to assist. The Resort is outstandingly placed on the top. Balcony view is unimaginable. Would certainly visit again.
Tea_Valley : 287 : My stay at Tea Valley : I booked three cottages and we were three families. In short, the experience was awesome. The rooms were neat and clean. The food they served were also marvelous. The hospitality offered from the staff was remarkable and it is highly appreciated. The guys working in the reception are behaving like own brothers with due respect to all the guest. The guy working as restaurant manager rendered outstanding service. Unfortunately, I forgot his name. The only disadvantage is the approach Road. But it will give an excellent driving experience for those who have passion in driving. Please don't trust Google map to reach this property. If you are looking for a wonderful experience with good amenities and calm atmosphere along with a secure place to hide out, you can definitely go for this resort. Regards, Surjith.
Tea_Valley : 288 : Best experience in Munnar : Extraordinary view, beautiful place to stay. Clearly the best Resort to stay if one wants to experience true Munnar beauty. Good smiling staff as well. Worth every rupee spent
Tea_Valley : 289 : Very nice stay : We booked this resort based on online reviews and pictures. Stayed here for 3 nights. I had to say, the view was pretty phenomenal. We were allocated a cottage and it had a separate balcony attached with a breathtaking view. Evening, the mist will come up and it's awesome. Cottage, cleanliness, trekking trail, ambiance, views. All deserve 5/5 rating. Staff behavior is pretty great. Only thing I didn't like is food. It was decent though. Make sure you close the balcony door and windows by 6 pm, else mosquitoes will come in. If locked, there won't be any mosquito problem. Overall, it is worth it. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys a secluded stay with a phenomenal view. Overall its a 4 to 4.5/5 for me.
Tea_Valley : 290 : Memorable one! : The hotel is situated at an excellent location confronting a Tea Valley. Few km away from the town. The food quality and the service was excellent. With good activities and some adventures. Overall loved it.
Tea_Valley : 291 : Perfect example of excellent resort : One of the best resort i have visited. Staff was very helpful.
Tea_Valley : 292 : Great property with good staff and average maintenance : Stayed during: September 2019. Pros: Excellent staff, great property, air-conditioned rooms, nice view from rooms. Amidst tea valley gardens. Cons: Its a bit risky road to reach the hotel, dampness in room, dust and cobwebs in room. Mattress need to be changed.
Tea_Valley : 293 : Everything is perfect in Tea Valley Resort : Everything is perfect in Tea Valley Resort. Especially the ambiance, food and cleaning.
Tea_Valley : 294 : Not what we expected : Price is very high as per service and amenities they provide. Location is very beautiful. Washroom and room cleanliness needs to be improved a lot.
Tea_Valley : 295 : An abode amongst misty Munnar : Enjoyed every bit of our stay!
Tea_Valley : 296 : Best in class : Location is bit far from main Road, but the Resort is very nice. It's like a proper Resort where you can find number of activities like Roop walk, born fires and many more places where u can spend alone time.
Tea_Valley : 297 : Excellent Stay : Great stay. Loved the atmosphere. Will definitely come back with friends next time. Staff Suresh was so much friendly with us and provided many needed things. Really loved the stay. Cab service was also available with affordable cost.
Tea_Valley : 298 : Amidst Tea gardens : I stayed for 3 days in the resort in july. The natural beauty is an exceptional resort is located inside Teagarden with breathtaking views. We traveled during monsoons and during monsoons, the natural beauty multiplied manifold with clouds everywhere and entering your room. Unforgettable stay.
Tea_Valley : 299 : Beautiful Tea plantation heaven : The place is very nice, very pleasant.
Tea_Valley : 300 : Excellent Stay : Very nice. We enjoyed very much.
Tea_Valley : 301 : Excellent service : Very friendly staff, service is very good and 24hrs hot water facilities.
Tea_Valley : 302 : Excellent : It was a great experience. Mind blowing ambience, good food and good service too
Tea_Valley : 303 : Beauty in Munnar : The hotel is excellent in terms of its staff and service. Was very impressed with the promptness of the staff. Everything we required was organised for us. We travelled as a family and were very satisfied with the stay.
Tea_Valley : 304 : My Munnar vacation in Tea Valley : It was good. Service can be improved. Room floor was bad. Washroom was also very small. Remaining all were very good. It was a good stay but it can be better.
Tea_Valley : 305 : Beauty amidst Tea gardens : We booked for 2 nights and 3 days at the tea valley resort, Munnar between 25th and 27th of August 2019. The Property as the name suggests was amidst the tea gardens and is a serene and blissful place to be. It is a huge property which is well ventilated with many open areas and big balconies for people to sit out.  Mr. Suresh, the person in charge was very helpful and allowed us to check in a little early. The room was well designed and spacious with a balcony that overlooks the mountain. The property is secure with a team of active securities who are hawk-eyed and constantly on the check. The property has an entertainment unit with board games, TT table and many playthings for children too. The best part of the stay was the breakfast. When you make your booking ensure that you take the breakfast included package as it is a feast that shouldnt be missed. It has a variety of items ranging from South Indian to English which was mouth watering. We thoroughly enjoyed the taste of each and every dish. However, this is only about the food at the buffet breakfast. The restaurant food, on the other hand, is quite pathetic with no appeal to taste nor appearance. We ordered egg fried rice and paneer gravy and it tasted horrible. The quality of the food in the restaurant should be revised. The telephone was not working and the shower was not functioning properly which was only rectified on the second day. The facilities in the room need to be checked periodically and service should be improved. Another suggestion for the owner is that they should advise the in-house manager to explain about the property and the various amenities it has when the guest is completing the check-in formalities. We did not know about the entertainment room, the rope climbing nor the tree hut until the last day and then it was too late for us to use it. Not many properties have such amenities and if you advertise more about this, then guests will be thrilled to explore when they realize that they need almost a day to utilize the facilities of the property. This can make them book an extra day which will add to your revenue. One more element missing in such an amazing property is a swimming pool. Overall it is a wonderful property and one of the must-try resorts in Munnar.
Tea_Valley : 306 : Best Resort : There are many 4 star properties which are there for just the namesake, Tea Valley Resort justifies it's rating. The best, we must say. Top notch cleanliness, serene location, food is also nice, service is fantastic, staff were so kind and professionals. One word review: Awesome!
Tea_Valley : 307 : Wonderful stay! : I am impressed with the ambience. Well maintained natural beauty spot. Foggy morning and neat behaviour of staffs. Freedom freedom freedom! and neat breakfast. Affordable rates. I feel it like heavenly. I will visit again after years. One of my favourite place. Thanks for the management.
Tea_Valley : 308 : Good ambience : Pleasant stay and the staff was really cooperative. Should improve the standards of wifi connectivity.
Tea_Valley : 309 : Bad experience : Please don't use google maps to travel to the location as it takes you through the most terrible 10 km up the hill. I got my cars clutch plates damaged because of the terrible path with large stones and steep way. The hotel has an alternative path. Please contact the hotel before using the maps. After arriving at the hotel, I was surprised to see the rooms with a welcoming pungent smell, old and rusted furniture. I complained to the manager. He was kind enough to replace the room with a honeymoon suite without any extra cost. But this room too had a pungent smell. My wife got sick of this smell and she was vomiting all night. Ecxept the room condition, the location, scenic beauty, staff services, food everything was excellent. Room quality and the cleanliness don't match up for a 4-star hotel.
Tea_Valley : 310 : Site seeing Munnar : Nice stay awesome food and excellent service
Tea_Valley : 311 : Awesome stay! : It was my 3rd time in Munnar, previously I stayed in deshadan resort, but quiet surprisingly I like tea valley more than deshadan. Staff was very courteous, room was quite good, what I like most about this resort is it's location, you can lounge in your balcony continuously by beholding the serenity of tea garden. If you are planning to come to Munnar, you can stay here.
Tea_Valley : 312 : Excellent Stay : Awesome experience to stay, and beautiful view, terrific breakfast. Must try to feel the experience.
Tea_Valley : 313 : Excellent service : Excellent service and great hospitality
Tea_Valley : 314 : Excellent Stay : Overall it was very good experience with Tea Valley Resort. Staffs were helpful. Service was good. Food quality is also nice.
Tea_Valley : 315 : Excellent Stay : The location is awesome. The rooms come with a balcony which has a great view of the plantations in the Valley. Great stay.
Tea_Valley : 316 : Good hotel with wrong Google map location : Hotel is very good but dont follow Google map. Location on Google map is wrong call hotel before going there to confirm exact location. There is very less network connectivity so don't rely on net.
Tea_Valley : 317 : Great stay. Budget friendly and still a great view! : Pleasant stay. Enjoyed the food. The view was excellent. Very economical. Staff was also cooperative.
Tea_Valley : 318 : Awesome hotel with excellent view : Stayed here with my friend for one night, hotel is located in a Tea estate Valley where you have awesome balcony view. It also has adventures games. Will be best for group of friends or honeymoon couple. After monsoon is a right time to visit. Hotel staffs are really helpful
Tea_Valley : 319 : Holiday : Excellent trip over the tour and climate
Tea_Valley : 320 : Amazing property! : This is an amazing property in Munnar. A bit difficult to reach but worth the effort! Rooms are very neat and clean and the service is top class. Views from Tea Valley Resort are breathtaking more so because we visited during monsoon and it literally feels like you are in clouds! 5 star for this amazing Resort!
Tea_Valley : 321 : Good Stay : Good. But due to heavy rain not able to enjoy the facilities available in resorts like children's play zone.
Tea_Valley : 322 : Different experience. : Since it was rainy, we could not explore much around the resort but the ambience was really nice.
Tea_Valley : 323 : Stay at Tea Valley Resort. : Tea Valley Resort. Location is good. Situated between the two valleys. Only 4 km from the town as well. Only 1 issue which I found irritating was dead slow service at the restaurants. They take very long in food preparation and service which needs to be improved. Staff was courteous and helpful.
Tea_Valley : 324 : Stay with family : Good place amongst nature, service was good.
Tea_Valley : 325 : Mesmerizing experience : We were 2 couples, stayed at Tea Valley resort for 3 nights. Big rooms with big balcony offering tremendous view of valley and tea plantation. It almost offers same view as Pothammedu view point. During all our meals food was good. I recommend Parathas as must try. All staff was very much prompt in response and supportive throughout our stay. So, thanks to all staff members specially Suresh, Lizo and Akhil. Accommodations and food for drivers is one more positive about this resort.
Tea_Valley : 326 : Stay at Tea Valley : Location is bit far away from Munnar Town and roads are very narrow. Property is location in Tea garden which is really beautiful and food is also good. Only tv and internet is not working for us for the whole stay which was bit of set back.
Tea_Valley : 327 : Excellent Stay : Good location, good service, and food. Great view from the room.
Tea_Valley : 328 : Unexpected holiday : We were skeptical about going to this place as most reviews state that the place is good but a few negative remarks were there about cleanliness and food but we didn't have much time we went ahead with this. I must say all of us thoroughly enjoyed the ambience. We usually go on short trips so we always end up rushing your for places to visit but here the resort itself is good enough to spend 2 full days. The front office staff Akhil and Srikanth were very attentive. Overall with the money we spent.
Tea_Valley : 329 : Stay at Munnar : It was very pleasant and breathtaking view from our room. Hotel is well cleaned and maintained.
Tea_Valley : 330 : Excellent Stay : Excellent stay of my life which I n my wife can't forget in this life
Tea_Valley : 331 : Travelling stay at Munnar, Choose Tea Valley! : The resort name is actually named after the location where it is situated. In between the Tea Valley. The property also has activities and tree huts. The staff were courteous, the rooms were situated on an elevated place with an excellent scenic view from the balcony. Breakfast was excellent and they had a variety of options with quality food. The Al la carte food quantity is quite less for the price they charge, but overall the food taste was good. Overall experience 4.5/5.
Tea_Valley : 332 : Overall good experience : Situated in a good view point of Munnar. Variety food. Comfortable stay and lot of things Around the Resort to explore and ambience for photography
Tea_Valley : 333 : Awesome : We had a great stay at Tea Valley. The hospitality and the concern for our safety was Al taken care by the staffs very well. This is the must stay place if people want a happy and peaceful stay wit all the amenities. We will sure visit again.
Tea_Valley : 334 : Good : Very good service, good staff, good food.
Tea_Valley : 335 : Good Stay : Food quality was good. Overall good stay.
Tea_Valley : 336 : Finest stay in Munnar : One of the best resort to stay in Munnar. Staff behaviour, ambience and accommodation is outstanding. You will never get such an amazing view point any where in Munnar. Had a nice time. Wish to come back again.
Tea_Valley : 337 : Good Resort with view to the Munnar Tea gardens : I visited the resort with my family during July 1st week 2019. Though the resort is little old and shows its sign, the location and the food and their service easily mask the negatives. Rooms are decently spacious with access to an open balcony. Though the rooms and bathrooms are neat and clean, most of the things are old and shows its age especially the bedsheets, comforter, and blankets. Hot water is available instantly and there were no time restrictions. We had dinner and breakfast and was good. Taste, quality, food menu and service all were good. They also have other adventure sports and hiking paths, but we didn't explore as we have a small baby with us. Overall it was worth a stay and definitely recommend.
Tea_Valley : 338 : Pleasant stay : We chose this resort for our 2 days stay at Munnar. This is a resort with awesome view, located at a very beautiful location. Staff here is very friendly, courteous and prompt. They are very attentive to detail and do not forget to take your feedback for improving their service. The view from the rooms is breathtaking. Cleanliness maintained in the entire property.
Tea_Valley : 339 : Do not Miss this place! : Loved the place and the view from the room. Though we had a tough time reaching to that place (cause google maps showed the wrong way), all the pain flew away after we got there. The view was splendid and the hosts welcomed us with a perfect welcome drink. I'd say that this is one of the best places that I've ever been to. Thank you to the team for a wonderful experience.
Tea_Valley : 340 : Great location and Resort : Resort exploration must you might not have seen properties laid out like this. Food was great and reasonably priced. Close to town. Staff is friendly and is ready to help in any way. Value for money. Room ambiance needs to be upgraded and mattress needs to be changed.
Tea_Valley : 341 : Our stay at Tea Valley. : Pros - Courteous staff, great view and great breakfast. Cons - smelly room, untidy bedsheets. Old smell every where, bathroom also not that great. I feel that place is good. Also the Road to that place is totally gone. If you have a big car it will be quite an adventure to get there. Also, cars with low ground clearance will be a bad choice to get there.
Tea_Valley : 342 : Good Stay : Everything ok good location and friendly members Nice Resort.
Tea_Valley : 343 : Average Stay : Rooms are okay and views from balcony excellent. But food was bad.
Tea_Valley : 344 : Excellent Stay : Awesome Resort for couples, good food quality and good staff they are so friendly, ambience are so good. Love it will visit again
Tea_Valley : 345 : Awesome resort : Nice place to stay, resort location is awesome, service is so good overall.
Tea_Valley : 346 : We stayed for 2 days with family. The location of the hotel was superb only problem is that GPS is not working properly in the hotel surroundings. So first check the route correctly only then go. : We stayed for 2 days with family. The location of the hotel was superb, only problem is that GPS is not working properly in the hotel,
Tea_Valley : 347 : Terrible Stay : Stay was comfortable. Food variety can be better.
Tea_Valley : 348 : Well maintained Resort located in Tea Valley : Well maintained Resort located in Tea Valley
Tea_Valley : 349 : Must go place : Very beautiful resort. If you coming to Munnar and you are looking for good resort the Tea Valley is for you. I can get you will not get anything better than this. Very happy. 5/5.
Tea_Valley : 350 : Over all good : I think food quality should be improved, all over good nice location and view from room was amazing
Tea_Valley : 351 : Lovely place to stay : Enjoy your stay in this hotel.
Tea_Valley : 352 : Must visit : Lovely stay. Property is amazing and well maintained. We stayed for 2 nights. Best location to stay in Munnar between the tea gardens. The rooms were good. The only problem is with bathrooms. They were a bit dirty and old, shower not working properly. Besides that everything was superb. The outdoors were awesome. The staff was courteous. Enjoyed the stay.
Tea_Valley : 353 : Awesome place surrounded by Tea estate : Even though the way to Resort was tedious, the overall feel and ambience was just awesome.
Tea_Valley : 354 : Far from Munnar city. : Location is between tea farms but far from Munnar city. Difficult to reach. If you want to have lunch or dinner outside you cannot go. Also you will be charged extra by cab person for pickup and drop at the hotel. Staff is good and view from hotel is beautiful only disadvantage is difficulty to reach.
Tea_Valley : 355 : Hotel view : It's very touching views and vibe place.
Tea_Valley : 356 : Heavenly place : 5 star rating for all the staff and service. Location deserves 5 star.
Tea_Valley : 357 : Good food but less facilities : Good food but can provide better facilities in room for a superior room like heating kettle, sofa etc. I think the hotel authorities give less preference for those customers with MMT booking as they didn't even provide GST tax invoice.
Tea_Valley : 358 : Awesome stay : The stay here was awesome. Loved the staff behavior. They were very friendly. The quality of food was also good. Would recommend it to everyone.
Tea_Valley : 359 : Misty evenings : Set in the backdrop of a Tea plantation, Tea Valley is a cozy place to stay. Well maintained and clean. Good food though the complementary breakfast is of poor quality. Wifi is not strong enough. One bad thing about the Resort is the loud music they play at the evenings. There is lot to explore inside the Resort itself. Overall the experience was beautiful. Friendly staff made the stay more nice, especially Sudhakar.
Tea_Valley : 360 : Good Stay : Nice location, climate was awesome, hotel located in beautiful place, you feel some offroad experience while traveling to the hotel, cordial and polite staffs, room neatness is not as expected, bed sheet are not neat and break fast variety was less but that taste of available food was super. Over all it's a nice experience.
Tea_Valley : 361 : Good location : Resort is located in lush green Tea estates, good scenic view from hotel room, courteous staff
Tea_Valley : 362 : Relaxed : Exotic location nice stay food is good and staffs are very friendly it was a nice to stay
Tea_Valley : 363 : Location and service : Location of the resort is very beautiful but service is okay. They would not give you basic amenities until you ask.
Tea_Valley : 364 : Tea Valley Resort : Tea valley resort is most preferred location for stay in Munnar. Near to city just 4 km from Munnar bus stand. 150 for auto. Munnar is a very beautiful place to visit especially for all Nature lovers. I covered almost 70% of these Munnar in 2 days in short time . it was possible because we got a very good guide Raj Mani with his auto he guided many places in Munnar, he never rush in hurry. He speaks Hindi , English, Malayalam and Tamil. He had a very good reviews in his google page from many foreigners as well. He charges very less a day and covers many places with hotel pickup and drop. For people staying in tea valley resort and if they want to complete full places contact the person Raj Mani he will come for pick up and drop and guid you all places in 3 days.
Tea_Valley : 365 : Great place : Location is superb. The only problem was difficulty in finding Road on the map and to reach there. But when you reach there you will be pleased with the natures beauty.
Tea_Valley : 366 : Poor Stay : I liked the location but rooms quality was not 4 star even it was less than 3 star and food quality was also poor what it was told on MakeMyTrip, it was completely different.
Tea_Valley : 367 : Super : Very super, very good, enjoy the place
Tea_Valley : 368 : Nice stay : Little far from main Town. But breathtaking view from your room.
Tea_Valley : 369 : Room upgradation : We have requested to give room upgradation. Hotel has given us awesome room. Thanks to gm of the hotel.
Tea_Valley : 370 : Room mattress was bad : Imroom mattress was so bad that springs were making noise
Tea_Valley : 371 : Excellent Tea Valley : A very beautiful location over the hill to stay peaceful quiet and elegant with an extraordinary view, a small jungle Park for children, lovely spacious rooms and good food. The staff is good nature is excellent reception is also very good your resorts is very well my kid and wife really enjoyed, especially I thank Mr. Suresh, and room service made my experience worthwhile.
Tea_Valley : 372 : Good Resort : Good Resort. Breakfast is good quality staff's all very humble and soft. The Resort located out in from Munnar bus Station travel time 15 min the resort road is damaged and single vehicle only go or come. Dinner is costly. And near by no restaurant and any shop. So you are own vehicle is better to travel. Over all am happy
Tea_Valley : 373 : Perfect stay Around a Tea garden : Hotel location is its advantage though the Road is not good. Staff is nice. The only negative is food. Breakfast is horrible. Nothing to eat for kids. Hotel has adventure facilities.
Tea_Valley : 374 : Tea Valley Resort made Munnar memorable. : We stayed in Tea Valley Resort, Munnar. The location was its USP and the views are breath-taking. You are very close to nature and are able to definitely set right the body clock. I recommend Tea Valley Resort to everyone for a superb location, well- maintained and beautiful Resort and personal huge balconies for an unrestricted view.
Tea_Valley : 375 : Good Stay : Hotel was great. But the location was not that great. It was 6 km from Munnar City. Staff was good food was very good especially the herbal Tea. One more suggestion who is going to Kerala never ever use Google map for Munnar they will confuse you. We were stuck somewhere very bad location.
Tea_Valley : 376 : Good Stay : Pleasant stay, beautiful view
Tea_Valley : 377 : Excellent Stay : Everything is the best only need more improvements in food quality and taste
Tea_Valley : 378 : Memorable stay at Tea Valley Resort : Visited Resort in mid june. Everything was perfect. I liked the atmosphere where Resort is located and the polite staff with excellent service. Next time if I will visit Munnar then Tea Valley Resort will be the destination. )
Tea_Valley : 379 : Excellent Stay : Excellent. Hospitality is amazing. Very courteous staff!
Tea_Valley : 380 : Fantastic location good service : Very good property for a complete family stay. All Resort employee are very friendly and helpful.
Tea_Valley : 381 : Very nice environment : Very nice ambience. Good view. Clean and maintained well
Tea_Valley : 382 : My experience : The stay at the Resort was wonderful, if you want to spend sometime in the lap of nature this is where you should stay The staff was super supportive and made sure that the things are given to us on time. Food can be improved as they lack in the menu.
Tea_Valley : 383 : Poor Stay : Average hotel! Not upto the mark
Tea_Valley : 384 : Excellent Stay : It's was a short trip. Wasn't in the hotel for Long. Just the nights. The rooms are pretty decent n clean. The view is amazing. Will definitely go back to stay a bit longer.
Tea_Valley : 385 : Food and stay : Food taste was not good, less variety and service was very slow, 5-7 min waiting for each item. Necessary items like toothbrush, soap and comb were not provided in the room.
Tea_Valley : 386 : Location and service : Location was pleasant and awesome for a family and couple. Service was also very good. Only thing was food, wherein buffet there were not more varieties. Rest all are good. Apart from that, we loved to stay at this Resort.
Tea_Valley : 387 : Disappointed : Except for the staff at the reception, I was disappointed with most things in the hotel. First of all, the in house activities such a trekking and adventures were not operational. One of the reasons to choose this hotel was the in house adventure activities but ended up getting disappointed. T In fact to isn't mentioned that these activities are chargeable. The barbecue facility is not provided if they are less in mates. We don't know how much is less or more people to have a barbecue. The restaurant is pathetic. The service is very poor. Untrained staff and not so warm, perhaps because of language barrier, TV disconnection can be frequent. Now the pluses the view of the Valley was awesome. The bonfire and music was very good. Rooms were neat. Their tree house is beautiful. The location is a big plus, gives you a feeling of living in the forest.
Tea_Valley : 388 : Nice Resort to stay : Our stay at the Resort was pleasant. Nice view of the mountain from the topmost view of the Resort.
Tea_Valley : 389 : Primarily focused on customer satisfaction : Hospitality at its best. Very helpful staff and nothing hidden cost or aspects. Wonderful location. Good views Around.
Tea_Valley : 390 : Very nice place for couple : Extremely friendly staff. Awesome service. The location was really good. But getting there is bit difficult since the Road is too narrow and vehicles with good ground clearance will be good to go there
Tea_Valley : 391 : A good place to stay but hard to drive to reach : The stay and food are very good. Hot water is available all the time. I had a very good time here. The only disadvantage is it is very hard to reach this place. It might require a highly skilled driver.
Tea_Valley : 392 : Very good location : Value for money, love to stay, very good hospitality, quality food
Tea_Valley : 393 : Average : Nice atmosphere and comfort to stay. Road is so poor
Tea_Valley : 394 : Great place to stay : Location is excellent. Treatment from staff was good, mentioned amenities was working fine. Lunch was not as per mark and even they charged and that's not worthy. A-la carte will be good option. Things to consider hotel location far inside. If your having big vehicle like tempo traveller, it's dangerous to go. Hotel will provide vehicle for going in and out but we have to depend on them. You will not find restaurants near to hotel.
Tea_Valley : 395 : Average Stay : Poor breakfast, average stay. Nice location near the Tea plantation
Tea_Valley : 396 : Good stay at Resort : Nice location amidst Tea estate. Courteous staff. Overall a memorable stay
Tea_Valley : 397 : Good Stay : Hotel atmosphere was awesome. Rooms are neat and clean. Breakfast is ok. Can be better. Overall its a different experience with family and we enjoyed.
Tea_Valley : 398 : Excellent Stay : Great need to work on TV and mobile network.
Tea_Valley : 399 : Nice view, good food, awesome ambience : There are a lot of things that makes this place truly wonderful. The ambience, the food, the vibe etc. I went with my wife and it was really an awesome experience. Don't rely on the amenities mentioned in the package. We weren't provided anything until I have to call the reception for everything.
Tea_Valley : 400 : Great service : Excellent property, great ambiance and view from hotel. Just a request plus update your Google map route.
Tea_Valley : 401 : Tea Valley Resort perfect place to relax : I stayed at Tea Valley Resort for 2 days with family and I enjoyed my stay here. It's located at narrow road little far from City centre. But still it is worth to stay here. Resort is good, view is very good, peaceful place, lots of greenery, Tea Valley view. Food option is limited.
Tea_Valley : 402 : Road connectivity : Road connectivity was not good
Tea_Valley : 403 : Excellent Stay : Nice, cozy place to stay. Away from the noise of the town. Awesome views of the valley, full of Tea plants. Greenery all around. Resort is on the slopes of the valley. Nice food in the restaurant.
Tea_Valley : 404 : Service : Its not value for money. Old building.
Tea_Valley : 405 : Good Stay : We stayed for 3 nights at Tea Valley Resort. True to its name, the resort is located amidst a Tea Valley. The porch, there is one attached to each room gives a magnificent view of the valley and if one is lucky, one can see laborers plucking tea leaves in the morning. One can just sit on the porch and sip on cups of Tea and while one's time away. Food is good, cooked in a homely fashion. Staff is very courteous and helpful. The only drawback is that room service-housekeeping needs improvement. There is also a small activity room where kids and adults alike can play a few indoor games. Idyllic and tranquil are words that can best describe our stay at Tea Valley Resort. Overall, a very good experience and deserves a good rate.
Tea_Valley : 406 : Good Stay : Good scenic location but service is not so great particularly in restaurant
Tea_Valley : 407 : Beautiful location and good ambiance : Place is located in a very beautiful Tea estate and Resort has a very good ambiance. The place has couple of hangout spots within the Resort like adventure trek, tree house etc. Food is good but buffet options are less. The rooms are decent/basic nothing fancy about it. Overall a great experience of the place.
Tea_Valley : 408 : Beautiful paradise on the hill top : I love the stay. First of all, the location is awesome with Tea estate view and high trees with cool breeze. Its just 5 km from the Munnar main town so you feel relaxed without horns and other sounds. You can hear the birds and other insects sounds there. They welcome us more gently with a herbal tea and I got a surprise, they upgraded my room to luxury honeymoon cottage. Thanks for Mr. Suresh and his teams who treat us like a family. Coming to room, the room is so huge like six can stay there with 500 sort. You get the sofa unit, relaxing chair and work desk, beautifully decorative bed with comfortable mattress. The room filled with flat screen, coffee jugs, wardrobe and mirror space. Nice and clean bathroom. The balcony was so large as shown in the picture. The view was awesome. Most especially, the cup of tea in the evening time in that balcony feels you like a so pleasant. We planned for a day later we stayed one more day. The buffet breakfast was good but other foods are not up to the mark in quantity and cost factors. We had campfire and dancing floor with beat music in the evening. The property is huge so the you can explore more like beautiful flowers, rock climbing, views, tree huts and all. Keep your camera with you for superb snaps there. The service was so good and polite. I love the stay and thanks for making my stay wonderful. Will back soon.
Tea_Valley : 409 : Good experience : Good ambiance, reception but reaching hotel is too risky that too in night. They take min 40 minutes to send a jeep to pick up us. Paths are too risky. Food rate is too high,we are in a situation that we cant go outside for food.
Tea_Valley : 410 : Excellent Stay : Awesome, good experience really enjoyed. Good service over there.
Tea_Valley : 411 : Excellent vacation : I stayed at Tea Valley Resort with family. Nice, spacious rooms with an excellent view of the Tea gardens below and far. Absolute bliss. Just about. 4 km approx from City bus stand. Staff was nice and responsive. Breakfast choice was ok however added spices sometimes seems to be in excess. Suresh from the front desk was all helpful in travel and other arrangements. Big thanks to him for helping out.
Tea_Valley : 412 : Calm and quite Weekend : The hotel was neat and had big rooms for accommodate three people pluses good rooms which are very clean and all rooms have individual balcony which had a good view food was decent and service was excellent Location had a good valley view and isolated from all the hustle and bustle minus approach road to resort is very small and dangerous self-drivers will have a very difficult time in reaching the resort.
Tea_Valley : 413 : Excellent Stay : Excellent location. I feel like awesome landscaping is good. But food is very expensive. Staff is very friendly.
Tea_Valley : 414 : Food is very good : Good weather room service good
Tea_Valley : 415 : Excilant : Very nice Resort and superb service and all staff
Tea_Valley : 416 : Awesome place to stay : It was a nice experience at Tea Valley Resort. Though there are very narrow roads around hotel but you will easily get the cabs. Hotel management will arrange the drop and pickup, also they will arrange sight seeing on your request in nominal price. Location and views are very awesome.
Tea_Valley : 417 : Excellent Stay : Stay was very good. Hotel rooms were very clean and staff was very friendly. View from room was awesome. Will definitely recommend to friends.
Tea_Valley : 418 : Very good : Beautiful location with clean rooms n good breakfast. Good service n courteous staff
Tea_Valley : 419 : Very good property : Excellent getaway for all people. Good view of the alley perched on the edges with plenty of Tea estates and good friendly staff
Tea_Valley : 420 : Good hotel but needs improvement in services : Location is awesome. Food is good. But room service is not upto the mark sometimes.
Tea_Valley : 421 : Value for money : A good property with courteous staff. Power problems are rampant and needs improvement. A good place for friends and family trips.
Tea_Valley : 422 : Excellent : I stayed here for two nights the staff is very helpful. The place is very nice and quite.
Tea_Valley : 423 : Excellent Stay : Good.
Tea_Valley : 424 : Excellent location with Valley view : Resort is good and staffs are very friendly. Food bit expensive compared to other resorts. Location of the Resort is superb but roads are very narrow and no safety while driving. Experience drivers can handle. Overall good.
Tea_Valley : 425 : Good Resort : Good hospitality, nice view, comfort stay
Tea_Valley : 426 : Good experience : Nice Resort, good food. Reaching the Resort from Munnar City is a problem
Tea_Valley : 427 : Excellent : Exotic location. Helpful staffs. One can spend whole day just by sitting at the balcony. Good food. Good for kids. Has small Park. Tree house. Different species of birds and plants can be found. Only the Road to reach the hotel is very narrow.
Tea_Valley : 428 : Location is mesmerizing. Staffs are very friendly and helpful : Location is mesmerizing. Staffs are very friendly and helpful.
Tea_Valley : 429 : Nice ambience : Nice place. Staff were really good.
Tea_Valley : 430 : Excellent Stay : Beautiful location and good service.
Tea_Valley : 431 : Good Stay : Good location and good place to spend quality time. Away from City, location is highlight if someone wants a quite place.
Tea_Valley : 432 : Awesome : Excellent stay, location, food, atmosphere. Everything was awesome. Visit again definitely.
Tea_Valley : 433 : It's a great place to Park yourself : The place is so self sustained that you needn't step out of the Resort for the first day or more. Once you are rested and have enjoyed enough of the premises, book a sightseeing tour around. The hotel will rip you off, by bargain for better deals. Do not Miss Lakkam waterfalls and Kandla Lake. Check out the spice and Tea farms, lakes, and dams, if you must. The Resort ought to improve a thousand times with its wi-fi especially because there's zero connectivity at there. There's a TV that doesn't work, so why not just uninstall the thing?! Service is prompt and excellent. Make sure you have counter checked that what you communicated has been understood, courtesy: language barrier. The Resort should really consider complimentary pick up and drop off from the Town center and repair the connecting Road as the Road to and from is dysfunctional. Carry your own products and toiletries as the Resort gives some bad ones. We really liked a hotel staff member who was very helpful and approachable.
Tea_Valley : 434 : A stay that can be cherished for ever : I had planned for a short vacation and believe I made the right decision to choose this place for my stay! We had a pleasant experience and I loved the hospitality that they had given me. Loved the ambience and facilities.
Tea_Valley : 435 : Good Stay : Good stay and pleasant area. It was good choice for family couples. Hygienic food service but too very over cost. And in my room fan was not working. Slightly disappointed with room service because late service. Very good choice for all. Worth for money except food cost
Tea_Valley : 436 : Very good staff : Class location. I will visit again with my family.
Tea_Valley : 437 : Good atmosphere, friendly staffs : Its a perfect place for a romantic date.
Tea_Valley : 438 : Good average Resort in Munnar : Hotel is around 4 to 5 km away from Munnar town, but good location. Situated in the middle of the tea valley. Good restaurant and good food, but price is bit costly. They charge for a very simple buffet dinner. When all the rooms are full, the WiFi does not work. Other than this its a decent hotel and we can enjoy the stay.
Tea_Valley : 439 : Pleasant : Nice stay Good location Staffs are well cooperative
Tea_Valley : 440 : Pleasant stay : Staff was good with good behaviour
Tea_Valley : 441 : Excellent Stay : It's a very peaceful place and away from the City noise. Very wonderful property and staff members are very nice and helpful. If want to get away from the City nice and pollution its a wonderful choice.
Tea_Valley : 442 : Excellent Stay : Nice experience. Good stay room is very near food is average lots of activities
Tea_Valley : 443 : Good Stay : Location is fabulous. Excellent to spend. Not required even to go for other view point since it has its own set up for viewpoint of the entire range. But rooms are not so well maintained. Food availability are pretty good.
Tea_Valley : 444 : Average Stay : Location good amenities good service guy, food OK. TV channels and TV not working properly.
Tea_Valley : 445 : Road to the resort is steep and narrow through the Tea estate : The location and landscape of the resort is really nice. But to get there in a car is really challenging as the Road is through tea estate, it's narrow and steep with 2 hairpins. Availability of hot water is doubtful sometimes. Rest everything was really good. Good staff, clean rooms, descent breakfast. There are balconies for each room with nice view specially sunset view. Tree hut, place for campfire available.
Tea_Valley : 446 : Super for honeymoon : Quite, super place for honeymoon always try.
Tea_Valley : 447 : Nice : Was a good stay in a beautiful location. Only constraint is the access road.
Tea_Valley : 448 : Excellent Stay : Thanks. Nice stay. Enjoyed.
Tea_Valley : 449 : Excellent Stay : Room are very good.
Tea_Valley : 450 : Memorable experience : Memorable experience and my tour make so nice I like hotel and also restaurant thank you tea valley. Service was awesome and hotel interior so good restaurant food so testy all staff behavior was nice.
Tea_Valley : 451 : Excellent Stay : Very beautiful property in the midst of tea gardens and away from the town. Superb view from the balcony and quiet ambiance.
Tea_Valley : 452 : Beautiful experience, with amazing view but the road was a mess : The location of the hotel is amazing with breathtaking view but the approach road for the hotel, that is the road of the tea estate is horrible. The overall experience was good because of the view, room, hospitality and the environment. The tree house present there was beautiful. I wish the road gets better then the overall impact of the hotel would get better.
Tea_Valley : 453 : Excellent stay : One of the best resort i have shared ever stayed managers were very professional friendly and helpful. They have made suggestions on place to visit which was very useful in planning will definitely recommend.
Tea_Valley : 454 : Excellent view : Very good view from room. Food was good. Complimentary breakfast was also excellent. Excellent view in midst of tea garden, when i checked in it was already twilight and there was fog. Felt like I am staying in midst of cloud, liked it. It was difficult for me to reach the hotel as I took self driven car and was using Google maps, hotel management should put up more sign boards.
Tea_Valley : 455 : Terrible Stay : Good location with a bad approach road. The hotel is not maintained well with run down rooms. The cooks need a refresher course. Shabbily dressed staff. Not worth the money at all.
Tea_Valley : 456 : Average Stay : To start with the location of the hotel, it has been placed on the top of the hill with a nice hill view from the balcony. Standard of the room probably depends on the kind of room you might have booked. However Executive cottages are worth value of money. Services of the hotel is excellent and appreciated. Great hospitality and courteous staff. If you want a peaceful stay then this is the right place.
Tea_Valley : 457 : Good Stay : Nice place to stay and very good service. Nice experience.
Tea_Valley : 458 : Excellent Stay : Very nice location. Service is very good.Rooms are super neat.
Tea_Valley : 459 : Good Stay : Excellent and picturesque location. Value for money. Hot water supply inconsistent.
Tea_Valley : 460 : Good Stay : The staff were very friendly and welcoming, helpful with all special meal requests and arranging cab services for us during our stay. The restaurant served lovely Indian and Continental food that was very well priced. They also offered to pack breakfast of fruit and sandwiches for us to take on our day of check-out due to our early departure time. The room was very large, with a spacious private balcony overlooking the tea plantation offering spectacular views. I would highly recommend to anyone wanting a weekend retreat at a remote resort a few kilometres from Munnar town.
Tea_Valley : 461 : Good Stay : Stayed for 2 nights (28th and 29th April 2009) with family. Hotel is located high on mountain slope and is surely one of the best locations in Munnar. But the approach road is scary and narrow for two way traffic at the same time. Have a skilled driver. Don't even think of getting out of the hotel in the car after sunset.(Perhaps in Munnar one does not do that). No restaurant near by except the one in the hotel. Food in hotel restaurant is of good quality. Just order what you want to eat half an hour in advance. Complimentary buffet breakfast is good. Unadulterated fresh fruit juice in buffet b/fast is one of the best I have ever tasted. Extra bed at a charge provided was on wooden folding type sofa and was painful to sleep. Got it changed to regular mattress next day. Staff was polite, attentive and courteous. I liked the hotel except for the approach road and a high cost (same rate for on season and offseason it seems).
Tea_Valley : 462 : Good Stay : Very nice place. Excellent views. Kids activity was there. Food is so so. Staff is very trustworthy.
Tea_Valley : 463 : Terrible Stay : Room was stinky. Breakfast was good but lunch and dinner was bad. Definitely not a value for money. Located in isolation on a dangerous route (4 kms from Munnar town). To come out of hotel, one must have a car with a driver fully experienced on one way hilly tracks.
Tea_Valley : 464 : Good Stay : The hotel is very good. When we reached the hotel we were offered the Luxury Cottage which is the best one though we had booked executive cottage, they upgraded our stay. So we were very happy due to that. The rooms were excellent, very clean, spacious, well furnished, even the toilets were very good. The hotel location is the best part of this hotel, it is right in the mid of tea hills, all greenery surrounding you. The view was awesome. The hotel is very well maintained and designed. The food was very nice, specially the Non-Vegetarian Kerela cuisine was awesome. The staff was very cooperative and kind. They arranged the rickshaw for us. The only thing one can find bad is the road to the hotel, they could improve that and the hotel is quite far from the main Munnar, but we liked it as I and my husband were happy to stay away from the town as it is cool and calm. The site of the hotel shows the true photos of the hotel...means you get what you are shown in the pics so I was very happy. Overall good.
Tea_Valley : 465 : Good Stay : The hotel is located bit interior. The road that leads to this hotel is very narrow for 1-2 KM. The hotel employees are very cordial. Food is decent. View is nice.
Tea_Valley : 466 : Good Stay : It gives real feel of Munnar which is famous for Tea Estates arround. Staying in this property means, you are there at a tourist point yourself. You may desire less to waste your time into B class sight scenes. It's really a best placed hotel in Munnar.
Tea_Valley : 467 : Terrible Stay : The room provided by this resorts are non functional and most of the request regarding our complaint were not taken seriously in the end our biggest aprehension
Tea_Valley : 468 : Good Stay : The Tea Valley Repost Munnar is perfectly located amidst tea gardens, and there is green all around. Its a perfect location for enjoying the Munnar tea gardens, and its little inside the main road so seems completely detouched from outer world. Seeing the clear sky at the night from our balcony was the most romantic experience. We even saw a meteor which lit up the the sky. Overall it was as an amazing experience mainly because of the location of the hotel.
Tea_Valley : 469 : Good Stay : Much of Munnar has gone to seed but the Tea Valley Resort (TVR) stands out as a beacon of hope to educated travellers who know exactly what a Munnar experience should feel like. The resort is located smack-bang in the middle of the Tata tea estates with miles of nothing but rolling hills sprawled out in front of you for a magical view of a life few know about. We visited the property for the New Year (2009-2010) and after some apprehensions, due to Munnar town is a bustling township with all the pollution and noise of other hill stations. TVR offers you spectacular peace and quiet and a view to die for. We woke up and closed each day with a fantastic display of aerial acrobatics by the birds of Munnar. Every sunset at the Tea Valley Resort was a treat and no sunset was the same. The staff was very accommodating and the Manager, Mr Abraham seemed only too eager to please. While a little on the expensive side the peace and service is well worth your time and money.
Tea_Valley : 470 : Good Stay : Nice experience .
Tea_Valley : 471 : Terrible Stay : Very bad road to hotel and very average hotel.
Tea_Valley : 472 : Awesome views in and around resort : Awesome views from room and awesome surroundings. Many activities are available within the resort. Tree house was just awesome. Just approach road to resort not in very good condition. Also, it will be good if they include activities within room charges.
Tea_Valley : 473 : Nice hotel : Nice hotel. Awesome ambience. Service at the hotel is nice. Clean room. View from room is awesome. Hotel is near to phothenmedu view point. In middle of a tea estate. Nice for family. Calm and peaceful place
Tea_Valley : 474 : Nice place to stay, well : Nice place to stay, well maintained, pleasant and calm, service was quick and food was good. Only drawback was to get there as the road was not good. Would recommend to anyone who would like to spend time with family
Tea_Valley : 475 : Great location : It is a quaint resort which has great location surrounded by tea gardens. The welcome tea is particularly delicious. Thoughtful staff- figured we will be hungry after a long and kept dinner open for us. Lots of activities for kids.
Tea_Valley : 476 : Hotel with a good view and far away from traffic : Pros: Good views, neat rooms, decent spread of breakfast. This resort is in the middle of tea garden. Service is quite good. Cons: Restaurant is pricy but quantity of food is less. Driving to this resort is little bit tougher no shops near by.
Tea_Valley : 477 : Good hotel for family's : Good hotel for family only negative points is it is far from main market. You need car to travel and off road so night it is not safe to drive. Rest all are good. Food quality is also good. Take rest and relax there
Tea_Valley : 478 : Regarding bad services of tea : They doesn't have my booked super deluxe rooms in hotel. So we have to stay in simple room. We contact to make my trip customer care service but they don't give good response. We paid full for superdeluxe room
Tea_Valley : 479 : Location and service of staff : Room was very neat and well maintained. The location of the resort is amazing. The rooms got very good view of tea plantations. Pothamedu view point is only 2 min drive from the resort ... Service of the staff was amazing .. Food was amazing.
Tea_Valley : 480 : Pathetic stay : No value for worth.. Location is good but hotel is poorly maintained... Not much breakfast variety... No hot water in bathroom.. Had to leave without Bath.. Loud music playing... Not recommended for family.
Tea_Valley : 481 : Great location : Great location but the approach road is narrow and you need to be extra carefully if your driving your own car on a rainy day. Rooms are average a bit overpriced. Location of the property makes it up.
Tea_Valley : 482 : A homely stay : Within nature. Very good resort for peaceful and homely stay. Excellent food & service. Love staying there with family. Will come again and also suggest friends to stay in this beautiful resort. Santanu.
Tea_Valley : 483 : Good place to stay. : Located in a good place. Lots of tea plantation around. Food was good. Average service. It was little over priced as it was a last moment booking. Should be very careful while driving down. Dinner adventure activities were charged extra 500 rs which was unexpected. Tourist destinations and Munnar town are very close by.
Tea_Valley : 484 : Very good place to stay : Location on hill which offers great view... Comfortable rooms... Nice staff... Had a wonderful time there.. Food was OK... Though a bit expensive but worth the services they offer.. Highly recommended. Resort is situated in a tea garden with lot of greenery, and great view of mountain of Munnar from rooms. Rooms are also good in size with basic amenities. Restaurant is economical and serving food of our choice. Budget resort. Very helpful staff, welcoming all guests warmly. We stayed in honeymoon rooms, low budget rooms were also available. Rooms with all basic facilities, excellent views, and a big veranda. It was spacious and well maintained. Resort has a tree house and rock climbing spot too. It was a very nice experience we had recently with family, location and facility is very nice and ideal place for a peaceful vacation in the middle of Tea Gardens. Staff were very cooperative and food was OK.
Tea_Valley : 485 : Nice place to stay : Nice place to stay. The place is away from noisy city atmosphere. It is the ideal place to relax from your day to day activity. Hotel staff are very helpful and well mannered. Rooms are good and spacious with private balcony.
Tea_Valley : 486 : Overall nice stay : It was a good value for money. Also the stay was good for the money paid. Hospitality was also good. The location of the resorts was very good and romantic. Food was of average could have had more variety of food. Overall it was nice.
Tea_Valley : 487 : Nice and calm stay at Tea Valley : Nice resort surrounded by tea estates. If you wanna rejuvenate please visit this resort, it was a nice experience, supportive staff and good food. Roads are very congested, that's the only challenge. But I you wanna fresh air with a foggy climate please visit this place. Highly recommended.
Tea_Valley : 488 : Good stay with spacious rooms : Nice and spacious rooms. Thought bit old fashioned. Good staff and I liked the location. Morning walks in tea valleys was good. Couldn't experience the activities as it was raining most of the time. Overall the stay was good and this being close to Munnar town was an added advantage.
Tea_Valley : 489 : Good resort out from town crowd. : Good resort to stay with all amenities including good food. Only thing is its bit risky to reach resort from Munnar town as the road goes to resort is sufficient for an auto. Driving people are advised to take a good driver.
Tea_Valley : 490 : Cooperative staff and good experience : It was good experience. Had a lovely time over there. Will recommend the same to the tourist for their stay. Location is awesome and service is also good. Staff was co-operative and helped in the required things. I will give 4 star out of five stars.
Tea_Valley : 491 : Good hotel and staff : Courteous hotel staff. Good food and value for money. Located away from the hustle and bustle of Munnar town, situated right on the middle of tea plantations this resort is a rare find. Very comfortable and warm say recommended for all type of travels! Also, it is one of the pet friendly resorts in Munnar.
Tea_Valley : 492 : Nice resort for leisure : It is situated in a lonely place, very well maintained resort. Staff are very prompt to attend and we enjoyed the time here. Hot water supply should be improved. Nice and tasty food, both south Indian and north Indian dishes are good. The nature view from the resort is excellent.
Tea_Valley : 493 : Excellent Stay : Tea Valley in Munnar is a really beautiful property located really in the remote part of the hills and it is extremely calm and beautiful looking out of the window. The rooms are excellent and also the staff is very helpful. Highly recommend going there if one wants to be in a calm space for a very days. We wish we had spent more time in Munnar and in Tea Valley Resort.
Tea_Valley : 494 : Good Stay : We loved the stay at this hotel. Location wise : Easy for keralites to find, will be little difficult for others. Road is narrow through tea estate. Thats only difficultly. Still I loved it. You can roam around the tea estate. Food : Excellent Price : its high for this hotel. For the view from the balcony, my wife says its worth. And dinner and breakfast were buffet. Breakfast was complimentary. For Dinner they charged us Rs. 500 for one. Its really overpriced. Service : Good. Overall we had a wonderful experience expect for over priced buffet.
Tea_Valley : 495 : Good Stay : It is an awesome place to be with. Resort is extremely beautiful very good hospitality awesome food, I will suggest everyone to stay here if you are in munnar. I do not found anything negative to Write
Tea_Valley : 496 : Ihave booked the room with more expectation, but in vain : The room I booked was premium but didnt match with other such hotels and moeover the hotel is located at interior .
Tea_Valley : 497 : It was a good stay, Would have been wonderful but for the location. : It was a good stay, Would have been wonderful but for the location.
Tea_Valley : 498 : Good Stay : Good location nestled in tea plantations. But a tough road to reach. Staff were helpful and good service. The property has some adventure activities, hiking path, rope walk, Burma bridge, a tree house, a bonfire on the terrace. Overall good experience.
Tea_Valley : 499 : Average Stay : For aged people please try to get a room near the restaurant. There are steps to climb at upper rooms that may not be feasible, the access road to this hotel is not good needs quite a lot of improvement. Food is a bit expensive although quality is good. The room service is a bit that slow. The wifi only works at the reception area. There is no facility of laundry here This hotel is located at least 6-8kms from the main Munnar in the midst of tea valley plantations. Consider the travel time The hotel has quite a few adventure sports equipment but has not started Overall a good hotel but do consider the price and the location
Tea_Valley : 500 : Good Stay : Resort was excellent but approach was only the negative factor. Comfortable stay, good food and nice people. Food was okay. Other facilities like bone-fire place, music, tree house and beautiful scene from resort liked and enjoyed by all of us.
Tea_Valley : 501 : Good Stay : The location is very remote approach around 2 km. Having width of one car if any vehicle comes from opposite side it is very risky and unsafe. Due to this one has to come by evening and stay and eat at resort. If you ask anything hotel charges Rs 150 per order as taxi charges. Tea is charged at 72 Rs per cup in Tea Valley. View from rooms and balcony is blocked by high trees. Except these resort is good for stay if you do not want to go outside.
Tea_Valley : 502 : Average Stay : Great location, good and helpful staff and food is average. The resort is average beds and extra beds need to be replaced as they are very uncomfortable. Average place overall. Over all well taken care off even on a busy long weekend. Manager pretty accommodating in requests for adjusting an extra bed.
Tea_Valley : 503 : Average Stay : Poor value for money especially in an off season. Nothing else to say.
Tea_Valley : 504 : Nice hotel located on a beautiful place : Hotel experience was good, however the expense for food looks high comparitively.
Tea_Valley : 505 : Thrilling exp : Hotel location is awesome specially for couples. Very risky to access hotel after evening.
Tea_Valley : 506 : Good Stay : Being amidst the tea garden and view it offers from the top of the trekking track is the best part of the resort, though reaching there is a bit of a difficult task considering a kilometer to narrow road that leads to the resort. But after that it was really good experience staying there as a couple. The room had a balcony overlooking the tea garden. They have a lot of fun things inside the resort like a tree house, a night camp fire, depending on the weather I m sure, trekking track, a view point etc. All in all, a good stay.
Tea_Valley : 507 : average : The view from room is awesome, the approach road to resort is very small and inaccessible. Not enough signboards. Room was not properly cleaned, bedsheets was stinking. Food was normal.
Tea_Valley : 508 : Nice place : Good view, nice place, I enjoyed my stay.
Tea_Valley : 509 : Very bad food, decent room, no recreation : This resort is 4 km inside the main road, a narrow steep road. We reached late at night and had to had to dinner there for Rs 500+ taxes per person. The food buffet option is pathetic. The taste is so bad. All rotis and bread were hard and stiff. Even after complain, they didnt oblidge. We wanted to order ala carte but they denied. No room service for food. Even the tea we ordered was PATHETIC. No tea maker, iron box or toiletries in the room. Location is good, but due to bad food and no activities we hardly stayed except the night.
Tea_Valley : 510 : Average Stay : The way to the resort is too scary and horrible. But once you reached the resort, the view is awesome. The location of the hotel is difficult to find. There is no proper sign board. Staffs are very well behaved. Food is really good. The resort need maintenance.
Tea_Valley : 511 : Very nice property : Stayed there for 2 nights, the location of the property is very nice. The ambience was very peaceful and relaxing. The property was clean and well maintained. Staff were very helpful and courteous. The accommodation was very spacious and comfortable. Would recommend this property.
Tea_Valley : 512 : The resort is good for nature lovers : It is difficult to go out of the resort because of remote place. Resort cabs are not helping in visiting right places and lot of misguide happens. Hence better go to bus stand and take the taxi's and proceed. Food also we don't have options other than resort restaurant.
Tea_Valley : 513 : Good staff and service : Stayed for one night. The location is very nice. Only 3 km from Munnar town and surrounded by tea gardens. It is pretty secluded and so very peaceful. Service is really nice. We reached at around 8:30 am and check-in was at 12 noon and without any questions/requests they gave us our room immediately. They even upgraded our room. Room service was really fast. Front desk person was really helpful. Helped us with suggestions for local sightseeing and even booked a cab for us on request. Rooms had a really nice view, a huge balcony and we had a really nice stay here.
Tea_Valley : 514 : Good place to stay : It is totally surrounded by tea plantation valley. Resort is a complete package in itself. Full of greenery, but service was not up to the mark. Resort is bit old and old furniture especially mattresses. View from the hotel is simply awesome. Food quality could be improved.
Tea_Valley : 515 : Superb location and amazing staff : Superb location. Beautiful view. Amazing staff and great food. Highly recommended. Amazing chef. Good value for money. Both quality and quantity wise. The view is one of the best amongst lush tea estates and forest. Superb cottages.
Tea_Valley : 516 : Good stay : Awesome stay with comfortable and clean rooms. All rooms have a balcony and an amazing view of the valley. Though the resort is 5 km away from main market, autos and cabs are readily available. Overall a great weekend escape.
Tea_Valley : 517 : Very nice place to stay : It's really a nice place to stay. You will get a beautiful view. Staff are friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the stay there. The place is in the middle of Tea Estate and we enjoyed the scenic view. Only problem I can see is that the road to resort is narrow.
Tea_Valley : 518 : Such a nice place to stay : As expected the entire Resort was situated in such a lovely location as the same itself says that Tea Valley. The resort actually is located in between the Tea valley and the balcony view from all the rooms were really scenic. The only issue I faced is the food was not good. Rest all is really value for the money.
Tea_Valley : 519 : Awesome place & delicious food : An superb place between the Munnar tea estates with clean and spacious rooms, scenic view of the Munnar hills and tea estates (picture perfect location), delicious and sumptuous food varieties and extremely cooperative staff members. Cheers to Tea Valley Resort.
Tea_Valley : 520 : Good location and helpful staff : My friend and I had a nice time in Munnar. We found the location to be a good distance from the town, still quiet and relaxed and away from the noise but not too far away that we couldn't go shopping or out for dinner. The hotel was really helpful in organizing activities for us to do that we inquired about. The food was quite good! We also loved the view from our balcony :) The only drawbacks were that the bed linens were wet at first but they changed them for us. The service was a bit slow and one day was fine and the next they seemed a little preoccupied. Also the wifi was very spotty and only was in the reception area, not in the rooms. We had a great time in Munnar!
Tea_Valley : 521 : Average Stay : Far away from Munnar city, road to reach hotel is also too poor so have to reach before sunset. Food is too costly than similar range of hotel. Good point is location is really good (in tea garden Valley).
Tea_Valley : 522 : Average Stay : Great location, good and helpful staff and food is average. The resort is average beds and extra beds need to be replaced as they are very uncomfortable. Average place overall. Over all well taken care off even on a busy long weekend. Manager pretty accommodating in requests for adjusting an extra bed.
Tea_Valley : 523 : Average Stay : Poor value for money especially in an off season. Nothing else to say.
Tea_Valley : 524 : Nice hotel located on a beautiful place : Hotel experience was good, however the expense for food looks high comparitively.
Tea_Valley : 525 : Thrilling exp : Hotel location is awesome specially for couples. Very risky to access hotel after evening.
Tea_Valley : 526 : Good Stay : Being amidst the tea garden and view it offers from the top of the trekking track is the best part of the resort, though reaching there is a bit of a difficult task considering a kilometer to narrow road that leads to the resort. But after that it was really good experience staying there as a couple. The room had a balcony overlooking the tea garden. They have a lot of fun things inside the resort like a tree house, a night camp fire, depending on the weather I m sure, trekking track, a view point etc. All in all, a good stay.
Tea_Valley : 527 : average : The view from room is awesome, the approach road to resort is very small and inaccessible. Not enough signboards. Room was not properly cleaned, bedsheets was stinking. Food was normal.
Tea_Valley : 528 : Nice place : Good view, nice place, I enjoyed my stay.
Tea_Valley : 529 : Very bad food, decent room, no recreation : This resort is 4 km inside the main road, a narrow steep road. We reached late at night and had to had to dinner there for Rs 500+ taxes per person. The food buffet option is pathetic. The taste is so bad. All rotis and bread were hard and stiff. Even after complain, they didnt oblidge. We wanted to order ala carte but they denied. No room service for food. Even the tea we ordered was PATHETIC. No tea maker, iron box or toiletries in the room. Location is good, but due to bad food and no activities we hardly stayed except the night.
Tea_Valley : 530 : Average Stay : The way to the resort is too scary and horrible. But once you reached the resort, the view is awesome. The location of the hotel is difficult to find. There is no proper sign board. Staffs are very well behaved. Food is really good. The resort need maintenance.
Tea_Valley : 531 : Very nice property : Stayed there for 2 nights, the location of the property is very nice. The ambience was very peaceful and relaxing. The property was clean and well maintained. Staff were very helpful and courteous. The accommodation was very spacious and comfortable. Would recommend this property.
Tea_Valley : 532 : The resort is good for nature lovers : It is difficult to go out of the resort because of remote place. Resort cabs are not helping in visiting right places and lot of misguide happens. Hence better go to bus stand and take the taxi's and proceed. Food also we don't have options other than resort restaurant.
Tea_Valley : 533 : Good staff and service : Stayed for one night. The location is very nice. Only 3 km from Munnar town and surrounded by tea gardens. It is pretty secluded and so very peaceful. Service is really nice. We reached at around 8:30 am and check-in was at 12 noon and without any questions/requests they gave us our room immediately. They even upgraded our room. Room service was really fast. Front desk person was really helpful. Helped us with suggestions for local sightseeing and even booked a cab for us on request. Rooms had a really nice view, a huge balcony and we had a really nice stay here.
Tea_Valley : 534 : Good place to stay : It is totally surrounded by tea plantation valley. Resort is a complete package in itself. Full of greenery, but service was not up to the mark. Resort is bit old and old furniture especially mattresses. View from the hotel is simply awesome. Food quality could be improved.
Tea_Valley : 535 : Superb location and amazing staff : Superb location. Beautiful view. Amazing staff and great food. Highly recommended. Amazing chef. Good value for money. Both quality and quantity wise. The view is one of the best amongst lush tea estates and forest. Superb cottages.
Tea_Valley : 536 : Good stay : Awesome stay with comfortable and clean rooms. All rooms have a balcony and an amazing view of the valley. Though the resort is 5 km away from main market, autos and cabs are readily available. Overall a great weekend escape.
Tea_Valley : 537 : Very nice place to stay : It's really a nice place to stay. You will get a beautiful view. Staff are friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the stay there. The place is in the middle of Tea Estate and we enjoyed the scenic view. Only problem I can see is that the road to resort is narrow.
Tea_Valley : 538 : Such a nice place to stay : As expected the entire Resort was situated in such a lovely location as the same itself says that Tea Valley. The resort actually is located in between the Tea valley and the balcony view from all the rooms were really scenic. The only issue I faced is the food was not good. Rest all is really value for the money.
Tea_Valley : 539 : Awesome place & delicious food : An superb place between the Munnar tea estates with clean and spacious rooms, scenic view of the Munnar hills and tea estates (picture perfect location), delicious and sumptuous food varieties and extremely cooperative staff members. Cheers to Tea Valley Resort.
Tea_Valley : 540 : Good location and helpful staff : My friend and I had a nice time in Munnar. We found the location to be a good distance from the town, still quiet and relaxed and away from the noise but not too far away that we couldn't go shopping or out for dinner. The hotel was really helpful in organizing activities for us to do that we inquired about. The food was quite good! We also loved the view from our balcony :) The only drawbacks were that the bed linens were wet at first but they changed them for us. The service was a bit slow and one day was fine and the next they seemed a little preoccupied. Also the wifi was very spotty and only was in the reception area, not in the rooms. We had a great time in Munnar!
Tea_Valley : 541 : Average Stay : Far away from Munnar city, road to reach hotel is also too poor so have to reach before sunset. Food is too costly than similar range of hotel. Good point is location is really good (in tea garden Valley).
